---
layout: post
title: 黑科技WFD句子 01
categories: English
description: WFD句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE WFD
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**WFD句子**

- [黑科技WFD句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80wfd%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)
  - [part1](#part1)
  - [part2](#part2)
  - [part3](#part3)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# 黑科技WFD句子
## part1
1. (#7242) The research was investigating the great impact of gender on social attitudes.
2. (#7238) Social describes the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
3. (#7233) People will never learn that the life exists on the other planets.
4. (#7229) Medical researchers have focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
5. (#7211) Democracy is constantly offering a stable form of government.
6. (#7210) Rail transport is becoming more and more popular.
7. (#7209) The prevailing wind ensures the terms of something.
8. (#7207) Industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an optimal workforce.
9. (#7203) Physicist students have student modules this year.
10. (#7201) Participation rate on studying language learning exceeded expectations.
11. (#7200) There are many concerns about the research, for example, financial considerations.
12. (#7199) Changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process.
13. (#7188) The cafeteria will only serve cold milk on Friday this week.
14. (#7187) Politicians need to be more practical when they are addressing the issues.
15. (#7186) There are so many fast-food outlets on campus nowadays.
16. (#7184) Before architecture was invented, humans used to live in underground houses.
17. (#7183) All the equipment must be returned to the laboratory by Wednesday.
18. (#7182) There have been long streams of extreme weather throughout human history.
19. (#7181) The new biology course will be starting in February.
20. (#7180) There are many exciting developments occurring in the industry.
21. (#7179) The post office will be closed on Mondays and Fridays afternoon.
22. (#7178) Electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments than ever before.
23. (#7177) These regions were both areas of economic development.
24. (#7176) The content is to define the combination of math and philosophy.
25. (#7174) If you need a parking ticket, see me after the lecture.
26. (#7172) According to the law of the gravity, all objects attract to each other.
27. (#7167) International aid programs have been reduced by the new government.
28. (#7166) You can buy a ticket for the lecture from the school secretary.
29. (#7165) The summer school allows some students to accelerate their studies.
30. (#7164) Libraries provide lots of services for students.
31. (#7162) Reading widely is important for undergraduate study.
32. (#7161) The sociology exam will take place in week thirteen.
33. (#7160) The study of history can provide unique insight.
34. (#7158) In that time, few people moved to the town or village.
35. (#7156) Having snow means no flight can take off or land.
36. (#7155) Many companies use personality tests in interview process.
37. (#7154) Please click the logo above to enter the site.
38. (#7150) Reading widely is an important part of the undergraduate study.
39. (#7149) There is an overlap between chemistry and other subjects.
40. (#7148) Good educators can recognize the different kinds of learning styles.
41. (#7147) Mechanical evolution has become permanent since the industrial Revolution.
42. (#7142) The digital revolution has changed the way we read.
43. (#7140) Many cities are actively working on ways to reduce air pollution.
44. (#7139) Students should take the training course to use the gym.
45. (#7138) Fast food has become very popular with many students.
46. (#7137) The capacity of modern computer is extended enormously every year.
47. (#7136) Sympathy is a feeling of sorrow for someone who is not happy.
48. (#7135) The employment demand in engineering is increasing rapidly.
49. (#7133) All mobile devices need to be switched off during the examination.
50. (#7132) The economic predictions turned out to be incorrect.
51. (#7131) The workshop will show you how to search the library catalogue.
52. (#7130) Journalism has undergone many changes in recent years.
53. (#7129) Having clean water for human is vital for health.
54. (#7125) The key witnesses of the event are factors of your convention.
55. (#7123) It is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways.
56. (#7090) The terms of illnesses and diseases are often confused despite the clear differences.
57. (#7083) The teaching staff are actively engaged in original research.
58. (#7072) Scientific experiments are repeated in order to find results.
59. (#7069) We are continuing to provide postgraduate online learning resources.
60. (#7062) Students may only use parking cards in authorized university parking spaces.
61. (#7060) Technology is no longer a simple tool that we can control.
62. (#7056) These words recognized the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
63. (#7054) You will portray your plan and sign off on your paper.
64. (#7053) The public is often misled by the biased coverage.
65. (#7051) The media plays a significant role in shaping public opinion.
66. (#7048) Rising inflation means increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.
67. (#7044) it is clear that human population impacts on the environment.
68. (#7040) The closing date of application for travel scholarship is next Monday.
69. (#7035) The amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
70. (#7034) All companies must have a regular financial independent auditor.
71. (#7031) We shall be studying the economy of several developing countries.
72. (#7030) The university library holds a number of collections of geological maps.
73. (#7028) The research is required in the field of food science.
74. (#7027) A surprising number of students applied for this course.
75. (#7026) The island is located at the south end of the bay.
76. (#7016) For many businesses, making a profit is the main priority.
77. (#7008) Students are recommended to read new books by Professor Jones.
78. (#7006) We are phasing out the disposable cups on campus.
79. (#7005) It is an intergrated course with several main elements.
80. (#7004) The illnesses and diseases are coming.
81. (#6999) Literature can be classified in various ways.
82. (#6998) The program must be conducted to abide by general regulations.
83. (#6997) Every experiment should be repeated to validate it.
84. (#6996) Please make sure your application follows the guidelines provided.
85. (#6995) Thousands of people turned out ahead of prestigious election.
86. (#6994) Academic journals are often edited by subject specialists.
87. (#6993) There is no economic reason why public borrowing is necessarily bad.
88. (#6992) Most known oil reserves will only last for a half-century.
89. (#6991) Campus tours begin at the library this afternoon.
90. (#6990) An academic essay uses references from both primary and secondary sources.
91. (#6987) For the purpose of the research, data should be collected and analyzed.
92. (#6986) Having strong motivation is vital for achieving your goal.
93. (#6983) I am going to transform my mathematical skills to the classroom.
94. (#6982) There are places on campus that students can get their own meals.
95. (#6981) What surprised me is the number of students in this course.
96. (#6979) The deadline of the marketing assignment has been extended.
97. (#6978) There is no reason to prove that boredom is necessarily bad.
98. (#6973) The deadline for the submission of this assignment is tomorrow.
99. (#6972) City planners recognize the needs of accessible public transportation options.
100. (#6971) There are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
101. (#6970) Accomodations on campus are limited but there are more options nearby.
102. (#6969) Leave the building immediately if the fire alarm goes offf.
103. (#6968) Ths student magazine is looking for a new editor.
104. (#6967) Libraries in many areas were closed due to the lack of funding.
105. (#6966) Understanding visual media has never been more challenging.
106. (#6965) Rising in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
107. (#6963) New development in technology contributes to current research.
108. (#6959) The untapped potential way of monitoring sun's rise is phenomenal.
109. (#6958) In the research, data must be collected by analysis.
110. (#6956) The technology has transformed the nature of society.

## part2
1. (#6955) Career mobility is very important for many new graduates.
2. (#6953) Thousands of people truned out to be at the presidential address.
3. (#6950) All students have their own styles of learning.
4. (#6949) Art helps us to deepen the appreciation of our world.
5. (#6948) You have the freedom to study what interests you most.
6. (#6947) Reading histories involves a level of careful selections.
7. (#6945) Education is more about just learning skills for employment.
8. (#6944) Experts say learning and listening to music can reduce the stress.
9. (#6943) Water is heated in the flask and added to the mixture.
10. (#6940) Research shows that spending time in outdoors has a range of benefits.
11. (#6938) When sentencing, the court will decide whether the defender regretted his actions.
12. (#6937) The students are waiting for a meal.
13. (#6936) Teaching assistance plays a vital role in the learning process.
14. (#6935) Scholarships are available for both local and international studetns.
15. (#6934) We are more able to accommodate postgraduate students than previously possible.
16. (#6932) Our company currently employs more than ten thousand people around the world.
17. (#6930) Findings show that cocoa in dark chocolate improves memory, immunity and mood.
18. (#6929) The British students need to study mathematics in secondary school.
19. (#6928) Family life is difficult for parents who have shift work.
20. (#6925) The extent of advertising for children is very much open to debate.
21. (#6915) The internet has transformed the nature of publishing.
22. (#6913) You wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
23. (#6910) Many important policy decisions need to be made.
24. (#6906) Scientists can develop new elements in the laboratory.
25. (#6901) Businesses must obey contemporary general regulations.
26. (#6900) Our workshop is opening for all the students on the campus.
27. (#6899) The night sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
28. (#6898) Career management is a very important subject.
29. (#6987) Many universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
30. (#6896) Sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used to sweeten food.
31. (#6895) Nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance.
32. (#6894) Technological developments have changed the way we live.
33. (#6893) Every living thing begins as a single cell.
34. (#6890) The renowned journalism will last for half of the century.
35. (#6889) The urban geography degree includes the study of demography.
36. (#6888) The degree is taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.
37. (#6886) The falling birth rate means the number of students dropped.
38. (#6885) Our aim is to transform the classical teaching in the classroom.
39. (#6884) The use of mobile phones is not permitted in the library.
40. (#6883) It is interesting to observe the development of the language skills of toddlers.
41. (#6859) We are researching on the most significant challenges we are facing in society today.
42. (#6842) The school canteen sells a large variety of water and food.
43. (#6817) When the roots of a plant failed, foliage suffers.
44. (#6806) Honey can be used as food and health product.
45. (#6803) Neuroscience is a compound of completely separate parts.
46. (#6802) Students would develop confidence on their ability to think critically.
47. (#6800) A world-renowned finance director will give a guest lecture.
48. (#6785) An effective business manager is always open to new ideas.
49. (#6784) The history department is very active in research.
50. (#6781) The two sides have disagreed on how to solve this problem.
51. (#6780) Art and design is a competitive field to work in.
52. (#6778) Urban planning emphasizes on efficiency and the expanses of community.
53. (#6777) These three separate resources are not enough for this assessment.
54. (#6776) The rest of the material was deposited partway down the catchment.
55. (#6764) All of your assignments should be submitted by next Tuesday.
56. (#6760) The skills of great stage actors cannot be taught.
57. (#6754) Philosophy uses the logics and reasons to analyze human and experience.
58. (#6751) The history course is assessed by three written assignments.
59. (#6747) Linguistics is the scientific study and analysis of language.
60. (#6743) The project is divided into four main intersections.
61. (#6734) The government is funding research study on the consequences of unemployment.
62. (#6723) The orchestra will be led by a visiting conductor.
63. (#6722) The library will stay open until midnight this week.
64. (#6710) Relying on natural ability will not get you far on science.
65. (#6706) The policy aims to increase the investment in foreign currency.
66. (#6705) Field trips are essential parts of most geography courses.
67. (#6690) History of economics can be a tricky subject to research.
68. (#6686) The department is doing research on biology.
69. (#6683) A new collection of articles has just been published.
70. (#6681) Physical health can be improved by regular training.
71. (#6679) People have been independent by using phones in everyday life.
72. (#6678) The English degree is a worthy degree of the third year.
73. (#6676) Students require undergraduate biology degree to enroll in this course.
74. (#6675) The department works closely with its partners in the business community.
75. (#6673) The digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
76. (#6671) Critical thinking is one part of a broad education.
77. (#6669) Babies can distinguish between what is the language and what is not.
78. (#6667) The farmers need to adapt to the changes of the climate.
79. (#6663) A visit to the design building will be a great value.
80. (#6662) Students must attend the safety course before entering the engineering workshop.
81. (#6661) Government department was doing some crucial works on climate change.
82. (#6659) The English degree involves certain placements in the third year.
83. (#6656) You will need to read Chapter One before the management class.
84. (#6655) There will be a chemistry test in the classroom next week.
85. (#6653) Audition of the university choir will be on hold on the next week.
86. (#6652) Information technology has changed the way we study today.
87. (#6648) Extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.
88. (#6644) A good abstract highlights the key points of your paper.
89. (#6643) Professors with higher education standard trained them extremely seriously.
90. (#6640) Psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors.
91. (#6636) Please return the reference book to the correct position on the shelf.
92. (#6634) The bank is hoping to tap into a fast-growing market.
93. (#6633) Scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
94. (#6631) Many universities' lectures can now be reviewed on the internet.
95. (#6628) Air pollution is a serious problem all over the world.
96. (#6625) New media journalism is an interesting area for study.
97. (#6622) We are rethinking the solutions for the society.
98. (#6619) Providers of higher education treat plagiarism extremely seriously.
99. (#6617) There is an accounting assessment for finance students.
100. (#6614) Marine environment has been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.

## part3
1. (#6613) Calculators allow us to add numbers without making mistakes.
2. (#6612) We should never underestimate the power of creative design.
3. (#6611) Trees benefit the city by absorbing water that runs off road.
4. (#6608) This course aims to develop your knowledge of statistics.
5. (#6607) Many diseases on the list have been eradicated.
6. (#6603) This advanced course requires a basic knowledge of economic theory.
7. (#6602) Eating fish twice a week is recommended on a healthy diet.
8. (#6599) There are many different styles of bussiness management.
9. (#6591) The course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.
10. (#6583) There is no fixed career path for qualified journalists.
11. (#6582) Children start producing words before they are able to walk.
12. (#6579) The rising of the sea level indicates climate change.
13. (#6578) Packages are likely to be used in many computers.
14. (#6577) Many food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
15. (#6576) Academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
16. (#6574) We are dealing with the most challenges that we face today.
17. (#6564) In any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
18. (#6563) The goal of the company is to get investment.
19. (#6562) Designers need to keep up with the social trend.
20. (#6561) Practical experiments are essential parts of chemical course.
21. (#6559) You will be tested via continuous assessment and examinations.
22. (#6558) The university provides different facilities for students and staff.
23. (#6554) New developments in manufacturing are constantly changing the way we live.
24. (#6553) The course involves Pure and Applied Mathematics.
25. (#6552) Studying medicine is always with a wide range of opportunities.
26. (#6551) Classical mechanism is considered as a branch of mathematics.
27. (#6538) Renovation work is currently being undertaken throughout the whole building.
28. (#6510) A regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
29. (#6506) Studying history can help you better understand the present.
30. (#6450) Our study program equips students with essential skills for university.
31. (#6411) Americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproductive development in quantitative terms.
32. (#6409) The career service provides suggestions on how to pass the job interview.
33. (#6408) The study shows the sense of recent technologies.
34. (#6393) Artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
35. (#6357) You must hand in your essays by midday on Friday.
36. (#6356) Natures are defined as specific chemical compounds.
37. (#6352) Plants are able to continue growing throught their lives.
38. (#6348) There are dedicated specialist librarians available all the time.
39. (#6337) People see stars that were billions of years ago.
40. (#6333) Castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
41. (#6325) Biology involves the study of life of all levels.
42. (#6322) The stock market cracked the repercussions throughout the world.
43. (#6320) Technology is changing the way media is used and studied.
44. (#6312) Agriculture development is vital for poor rural areas.
45. (#6304) You need to put these books on the table over there.
46. (#6303) Fruits containing too much sugar and calories have little or no nutrition and value.
47. (#6299) Scientists are unsure when the first man left Africa.
48. (#6295) The news is not received until the following week.
49. (#6294) Muscle cells bring parts of the body closer together.
50. (#6236) A series of the observations were carried out in the classroom.
51. (#6227) The task tomorrow will require higher level skills.
52. (#6220) Being bilingual does not mean to have the ability to analyze the language.
53. (#6219) You will study two courses and three modules.
54. (#6208) Journalism faces the crisis in the light of the digital revolution.
55. (#6206) The gravity is the force that attracts two bodies from one another.
56. (#6203) The academic tradition of the school ensures excellence.
57. (#6202) A series of lectures showed us in economics have been recorded.
58. (#6201) This book can be borrowed for a maximum of one week.
59. (#6194) Socail psychology has been considered by human behavior.
60. (#6188) Purity is one feature that makes gold expensive.
61. (#6187) Those lectures begin promptly, so do not be late.
62. (#6180) The research has produced some other unexpected results.
63. (#6177) The shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
64. (#6171) His appointment as Minister of Culture was seen as a demotion.
65. (#6166) More graduate training is often needed after the university study is finished.
66. (#6160) Good nutrition is crucial to the general health and vitality.
67. (#6157) Employment figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
68. (#6156) Food has become a political issue in the world.
69. (#6151) Banks charge interest for money they loan to their customers.
70. (#6150) The student shop has a range of stationery.
71. (#6125) As union members, we can influence the change of the university.
72. (#6123) Speed is defined as how quickly a person or an object moves.
73. (#6116) Our facilities include five libraries across the university.
74. (#6114) Time and distance are used to calculate speed.
75. (#6112) We can all meet in the office after the lecture.
76. (#6111) You don't need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
77. (#6109) The reception staff provide advice on renting private accommodation.
78. (#6106) The essay will argue that the technology does more harm than good.
79. (#6102) The opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
80. (#6101) Too much information may be avoided by good research design.
81. (#6094) Astronauts use light years to measure distances in space.
82. (#6091) A laptap computer has been found at the biology lab.
83. (#6084) We hold the visiting tours throughout the year for students.
84. (#6081) Many vocational courses of the institution are funded by private enterprises.
85. (#6080) Graphs and charts allow data to be more easily understood.
86. (#6079) Strong liner is used to measure distance and baseline.
87. (#6056) The department is organizing a trip to London in July.
88. (#6046) Courses are assessed by group work and individual assignment.
89. (#6044) The library will be closed for staff training tomorrow morning.
90. (#6043) Scientists recognized the different ice types according to the water molecule content.
91. (#6042) Career services provide tips about how to cope with job interviews.
92. (#6041) Physics is a key subject to understand the world and the universe.
93. (#6039) Sports teams often practice on Wednesdays and play games on weekends.
94. (#6038) You will learn how to rationally assess your arguments.
95. (#6037) Undergraduates have a wide range of cultural modules to choose from.
96. (#6036) Criminal charges will be brought against all of the men.
97. (#6035) Food cannot be eaten in the main library.
98. (#6034) Social media is criticized of causing Internet addiction.
99. (#6033) It is necessary to dress formally for the graduation ceremony.
100. (#6031) It takes a long time to walk to the university.