---
layout: post
title: 黑科技WFD句子 05
categories: English
description: WFD句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE WFD
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**WFD句子**

- [黑科技WFD句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80wfd%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# 黑科技WFD句子
1. (#4686) The new theory takes all the latest research results into account.
2. (#4685) The period was a golden age of English literature.
3. (#4684) The scientists use the web to explore the problems.
4. (#4683) There are new innovation in the field of digital architecture.
5. (#4682) Weather patterns have changed significantly over the past two hundred years.
6. (#4681) You can request library books by using the electronic catalog.
7. (#4680) Cell is the most basic building block for all animals and plants.
8. (#4678) Behind the garage is a secret storage room.
9. (#4677) Some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer collaboration.
10. (#4659) Education and training provide important skills for the labor force.
11. (#4585) This camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
12. (#4567) Our medical school students must attend the talk about optional courses.
13. (#4539) The courses cover the several aspects of the subject.
14. (#4490) The bar chart provides useful means of data comparison.
15. (#4482) The course will help students to improve their pronunciation skills.
16. (#4480) Building trust is not something that can be achieved overnight.
17. (#4478) Every student has the right and ability to succeed.
18. (#4458) One of the election promises is to decrease the income tax.
19. (#4454) The architectural numbers vary in that experiment.
20. (#4453) This course provides the opportunity to get valuable industry experience.
21. (#4452) Some people believe that education should be free for all.
22. (#4450) Timetables about new term will be available next week.
23. (#4448) Art is an expression of creative skills and imagination.
24. (#4441) Find out how to get your resources before your research.
25. (#4434) Those who are considering a career of marketing should attend the talk.
26. (#4432) There is a pharmacy on campus near the bookstore.
27. (#4399) The marketing budget is doubled since the beginning of the year.
28. (#4396) Experts are now able to forecast weather for long periods.
29. (#4392) Collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.
30. (#4385) The ability to work with fellow students cannot be stressed enough.
31. (#4379) Enrolling a second major will increase the career options.
32. (#4361) Scientists learned through the observations and analyses of the human behavior.
33. (#4348) Students are encouraged to monitor their own attendance.
34. (#4344) The summer course was canceled due to insufficient enrollments.
35. (#4342) In this language course, we focus on fluency and accuracy.
36. (#4324) Students are encouraged to think carefully about their accommodation needs.
37. (#4323) There are many types of governments in the world.
38. (#4322) There is a welcome party for all new students each term.
39. (#4321) The site is designed to be highly interactive.
40. (#4295) The undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a program.
41. (#4250) The two variables in the study were very closely correlated.
42. (#4236) We support to do research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and estimation.
43. (#4235) We can work together to achieve the higher educational standards.
44. (#4234) University fees are expected to increase next year.
45. (#4233) There will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
46. (#4232) The same issues featured both explanations of the problem.
47. (#4230) The results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detection.
48. (#4229) The main concepts in this thesis were not new.
49. (#4228) The assessment of this course will begin next week.
50. (#4227) The features issued the same explanation of the problem.
51. (#4226) The cafeteria features sandwiches, salads, soup, fish and chicken.
52. (#4225) She received a scholarship from the state library.
53. (#4224) Remember, the prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
54. (#4223) Most of these features were part of the previous system.
55. (#4222) Library reference desks hold a lot of materials on academic history.
56. (#4220) Despite the protest, the chemistry department was closed down.
57. (#4219) Although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.
58. (#4112) Students should have awareness of how the business develops globally.
59. (#4111) Sea levels are expected to rise during the next century.
60. (#4110) The office opens on Mondays and Thursdays directly following the freshman categories.
61. (#4109) You will acquire new skills during your academic studies.
62. (#4108) Create a playlist of your favorite music to help you relax in difficult situations.
63. (#4107) Studies show there is a positive correlation between two variables.
64. (#4106) Plants and living thins are growing on the land or in water.
65. (#4105) A good architecture is always very useful, durable and beautiful.
66. (#4097) The introduction is an important component of a good presentation.
67. (#4073) A good scientific paper should have clear arguments.
68. (#4072) Science is found in society all around the world.
69. (#3845) You can use a laptop during the lecture.
70. (#3805) The business class can hold with local students.
71. (#3796) Please confirm that you have received the textbook.
72. (#3757) There is clearly a need for further research in this field.
73. (#3756) The artists tied with conservative politicians earned the roles of critics.
74. (#3754) Students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
75. (#3753) Some people argue that education is not that important.
76. (#3752) She has made a significant contribution to the field of chemistry.
77. (#3751) The equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
78. (#3750) Before attending the lecture, you must register online or by post.
79. (#3749) All of the assignments should be submitted in person to the faculty office.
80. (#3732) Fashion trends help people to make life interesting.
81. (#3729) We have sophisticated ways to study in brain action.
82. (#3726) Student representatives will visit classes with voting forms.
83. (#3725) It is important to make clear notes while you are reading.
84. (#3694) There was a prize for the best student of the presentation.
85. (#3688) The new media have transformed the traditional national boundaries.
86. (#3687) The placement test of mathematics and statistics is offered every semester.
87. (#3685) The development in the information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
88. (#3684) Eating too much can lead to too many healthy problems.
89. (#3683) The author is currently a professor at Cambridge University.
90. (#3682) The teacher asked the group to commence the task.
91. (#3663) I don't think it's possible to solve the problem easily.
92. (#3644) Tours operate all year round, but the busier dry season runs from May.
93. (#3643) There are still many people struggling in the lab.
94. (#3642) The most striking thing about this budget smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
95. (#3641) Most university teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
96. (#3640) Increasing population results in an increasing demand in energy.
97. (#3639) The museum is closed on the third Mondays of every month.
98. (#3638) You have to learn how to use the library to save your time.
99. (#3633) The teaching group will perform in the concert hall.
100. (#3632) Supply and demand is one of the most fundanmental concepts in economics.

