---
layout: post
title: 黑科技WFD句子 03
categories: English
description: WFD句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE WFD
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**WFD句子**

- [黑科技WFD句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80wfd%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)
  - [part1](#part1)
  - [part2](#part2)
  - [part3](#part3)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# 黑科技WFD句子
## part1
1. (#3511) The business policy seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
2. (#3502) Please visit the website for the information about the opening times.
3. (#3501) Your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
4. (#3499) The nation achieved prosperity by opening its ports for trade.
5. (#3489) The aim is to reduce the risks that people take.
6. (#3488) Most of the students have not considered this issues before.
7. (#3486) The chemistry building is located near the entrance to the campus.
8. (#3483) The history of this university is a long and interesting one.
9. (#3482) Scientists are always asking the government for more money.
10. (#3481) Native speakers are exempt from language tests in their own language.
11. (#3480) The scientists found most of the studies today.
12. (#3479) Remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
13. (#3458) She began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.
14. (#3370) The university seeks the funds for renovation of the theater.
15. (#3340) Important details from the article are missing in this summary.
16. (#3338) The untapped potential of using the sun is enormous.
17. (#3327) The dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.
18. (#3323) I will come back to this in a moment.
19. (#3316) The article extrapolates a number of very interesting experiments.
20. (#3315) Many graduates of journalism get jobs in the communications field.
21. (#3305) Money and how it is paid can be the motivation for the work.
22. (#2480) We were able to contact a number of researchers.
23. (#2478) The same issue featured both the explanations and the problems.
24. (#2477) All educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
25. (#2474) All dissertations must be accompanied by a submission form.
26. (#2436) Efforts have been made to reduce harmful emissions.
27. (#2233) The other book is not thorough but is's more insightful.
28. (#2232) The article considered the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas of places.
29. (#2231) Let me give you an example to explain what I mean.
30. (#2194) Archaeologists' new discovery stands out in previously overlooked foundations.
31. (#2186) Rivers provide habitats for fish and other aquatic specieds.
32. (#2185) Recession triggers creativity and high rates of entrepreneurship due to a past experience.
33. (#2184) Clinical placements in nursing prepare students for professional practice.
34. (#2159) Certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by logical deduction.
35. (#2157) In addition to the requirements, students must pass the qualifying examinations.
36. (#2156) Students must pass all the qualifying examinations.
37. (#2155) Money and how it is paid can affect the motivations to work.
38. (#2154) There are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.
39. (#2153) Graduates from this course find careers in the financial department.
40. (#2152) The director of the gallery was grateful for the anonymous donation.
41. (#2151) Convincing evidence for this theory is hard to obtain.
42. (#2148) Some scientists argue that the entire financial system is fatally flawed.
43. (#2147) Read the first section before the next meeting.
44. (#2145) Theory and training are required to become a medical specialist.
45. (#2142) Students requiring for an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
46. (#2128) This is an intergrated course with several elements.
47. (#2080) The teaching staff are extremely approachable, helpful and friendly.
48. (#2079) You were able to contact a number of research subjects.
49. (#2078) The most popular courses still have a few places left.
50. (#2077) The library holds a subtantial collection of materials on economic history.
51. (#2044) This guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
52. (#1903) The theme of the instrumental work exhibited more of a demure compositional style.
53. (#1874) If you need additional help, please visit the university resources center.
54. (#1873) Members should make concentrated contributions to operating funds.
55. (#1872) The scientists will face both the explanations and the problems.
56. (#1869) You need to hand in the essay next semester.
57. (#1867) The aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
58. (#1866) Traveling by boat on the river is not possible in winter.
59. (#1865) Peer group preasure has a great effect on young people.
60. (#1864) Those seeking for formal extension should contact their faculty for further information.
61. (#1863) If you seek for formal extension, you should contact your faculty for more information.
62. (#1862) The earth's atmosphere is mostly composed of oxygen and nitrogen.
63. (#1861) Participants initially select from a range of foundation subjects.
64. (#1860) Academic problems cause a big rise in unemployment.
65. (#1859) Packaging is very important to attract intentioned buyers.
66. (#1858) Submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.
67. (#1857) You are trained to be a special journalist.
68. (#1856) While reconciliation is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
69. (#1855) Many birds migrated to the warmer areas for the winter.
70. (#1853) The celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
71. (#1852) Early streams of the economy in the Roman Republic will be examined.
72. (#1851) A very basic feature of computing is counting and calculation.
73. (#1850) Overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the lives of the majority of the population.
74. (#1849) No more than four people can be in the lab at once.
75. (#1848) That brief outline takes us to the beginning of the twentieth century.
76. (#1847) The campus tour will help you get familiar with the teaching facilities.
77. (#1844) Daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.
78. (#1843) The key difference between courses is the kind of assessment.
79. (#1842) Textile manufacture plays a large role in improving economies.
80. (#1841) When bad drove out good, the local workers were more difficult than their competitors.
81. (#1840) The theme of the issue was the estimation of the problem.
82. (#1839) This class will look at the structure of the essay.
83. (#1837) Statistic results should be expressed in different ways, depending on circumstances.
84. (#1836) The qualification will be assessed by using a criterion reference to approach.
85. (#1835) The synopsisy contains the most important information.
86. (#1834) The excursion for children is very much open to debate.
87. (#1833) Doctoral writings have the structure in place as well as scientific papers.
88. (#1832) That means they have so many struggling overlaps.
89. (#1831) Freshwater creatures didn't appear in the painting until the modern period.
90. (#1830) These have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
91. (#1829) They have both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.
92. (#1828) The whole point of the project was to look at the norm, not the exception.
93. (#1827) Below the heating controls in the middle is a small round plastic button.
94. (#1826) Many toxins originate from plants or animals.
95. (#1825) Government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
96. (#1824) The evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personel.
97. (#1823) Listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.
98. (#1822) Scientific benefit to space exploration is frequently questioned.
99. (#1820) It is a really comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice.
100. (#1819) The consumer confidence has a direct effect on sales.

## part2
1. (#1818) The library holds substantial materials of economic history.
2. (#1817) Human beings compete with other species for space and resources.
3. (#1816) All students need to attend no less than ten labs per semester.
4. (#1815) The garden behind the university is open to the public in the summer.
5. (#1814) Parents' talk to children tends to be simplified.
6. (#1813) All answers must be examined and supported by relevant theory.
7. (#1812) The university seeks funding for the renovation of the lecture theater.
8. (#1811) All industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
9. (#1810) The faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful.
10. (#1809) The summer school program allows students to summarize their studies.
11. (#1808) Rivers provide habitats and migration places for many aquatic species.
12. (#1807) This course is very integrated because it has several parts.
13. (#1806) A very basic function of computing is counting and calculating.
14. (#1805) The properties should be appropriately distributed.
15. (#1804) The curriculum needed to be adjusted for development.
16. (#1803) He was regarded as the foremost economist in that time.
17. (#1802) Students find true or false questions harder than short answers.
18. (#1801) The lecture will cover the reasons for climate change.
19. (#1800) Peer group pressure has a significant effect on young people.
20. (#1799) Listening is the key skill leading to success in this course.
21. (#1798) Packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
22. (#1797) When launching a product, researching and marketing are very vital.
23. (#1796) We can have a lecture on the morning of Thursday.
24. (#1450) Companies want to protect their brands from negative comments.
25. (#1449) The massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument.
26. (#1448) Organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
27. (#1446) You can find a lot more information on the university website.
28. (#1445) The author's previous works are more philosophical and less experimental.
29. (#1444) The early work is more philosophical rather than experimental.
30. (#1443) Each group needs to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
31. (#1441) You should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
32. (#1440) A recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
33. (#1439) The early works of this research are more experimental.
34. (#1438) It is a slash to debate about the value of the knowledge.
35. (#1437) Water taps on the campus will discourage the frequent use of plastic bottles.
36. (#1436) The report contains the most important information.
37. (#1435) Books for children often contain many beautiful illustrations.
38. (#1434) Before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
39. (#1433) Attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
40. (#1432) An ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
41. (#1431) Agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
42. (#1430) Affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
43. (#1429) Rising sales figures means a rise in demand.
44. (#1428) Some people regarded it as carelessness, while others regarded it as recklessness.
45. (#1427) Remember, the gifts purchased by the children should have a striped character.
46. (#1426) It was hard to anticipate how all the different characters would react.
47. (#1425) Behind the group, there is a flat cart drawn by the mules.
48. (#1424) The module of the work is more of a compositional style.
49. (#1423) When met with high potential risks, companies will raise their prices.
50. (#1422) It is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
51. (#1421) Please make sure you have collected all the necessary materials.
52. (#1420) Software companies design and create new products.
53. (#1419) Medical researchers have focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
54. (#1418) The findings of researchers are focusing on the causes of the diseases and treatments.
55. (#1417) The commissioner will portion the funds among all the sovereignties.
56. (#1416) Identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
57. (#1415) Public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
58. (#1414) The commission of funds supported among authorities has raised an argument.
59. (#1413) And in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
60. (#1411) Climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
61. (#1410) They have struggled since last year to make their services paid.
62. (#1409) If finance is a cause of concern, scholarships may be avaiable.
63. (#1408) The glimpse of dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
64. (#1407) Why has the project been held up for so long?
65. (#1406) A party is thrown in the small meeting room.
66. (#1405) Before submitting your dissertation, your advisor must approve your application.
67. (#1403) Inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
68. (#1402) Higher numbers of patients were infected than previous during outbreaks of illness.
69. (#1401) Upgrading manufacturing system can increase efficiency.
70. (#1400) Climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among reputable scientists.
71. (#1399) Students were instructed to stand in a straight line outside the classroom.
72. (#1398) Your agents will collect the commission for each house they sell.
73. (#1397) Article numbers are collected through interesting experiments.
74. (#1396) The elective course introduces engineering students to construct practices and concepts.
75. (#1395) The student identification card will be issued by today or tomorrow.
76. (#1394) All writers, consciously or unconsciously, represent their own cultures.
77. (#1393) The coffee house has sepcial student discounts throughout the week.
78. (#1392) Your thesis should have a fairly limited scope.
79. (#1391) You are required to complete your research paper by next Monday.
80. (#1390) The university library has most of the necessary books.
81. (#1389) There was no correlation between drug use and cure rates.
82. (#1388) The first assignment is due on the fourteenth of September.
83. (#1387) A group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library's conference room.
84. (#1386) Interim grades will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
85. (#1385) Final year business students have to write a 5000-word essay on market trends.
86. (#1384) The time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
87. (#1383) The thief visits the homes of several people every day.
88. (#1382) The new technician dropped the microscope in the biology lab.
89. (#1381) In spite of the differences, all the species of life share certain characteristics.
90. (#1380) Many graduate students can find a job in the communications field.
91. (#1379) It is hard to observe the reaction of the character.
92. (#1378) Try to work with each other to build up a sense of cooperation and team spirit.
93. (#1377) She received a scholarship from the State University.
94. (#1376) There is a strict eligibility criterion to undertake background speaker studies.
95. (#1375) Most teaching staff make their lecture notes avaiable online.
96. (#1372) Those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
97. (#1371) Please remember to bring a highlighter to class next Wednesday.
98. (#1370) The slide shows there has been a minimal growth.
99. (#1369) Competition for places in this course is fierce.
100. (#1368) Today's lecture material will be included in the next assignment.

## part3
1. (#1367) Relevant materials are reserved in the library.
2. (#1366) We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forcasting.
3. (#1365) The curriculum is described in the course syllabus.
4. (#1364) Conferences ought to be scheduled two weeks in advance.
5. (#1261) Mutually exclusive events can be described as either complementary or opposite.
6. (#1260) He has landed a job in prestigious law firm.
7. (#1259) The schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
8. (#1258) If it helps to take notes in order to concentrate, please do so.
9. (#1257) Animals raised in captivity behave differently than their wild counterparts.
10. (#1256) Materials and resources are on hold at the library's front desk.
11. (#1255) Our professor is hosting the business development conference.
12. (#1254) Lectures' outlines are avaiable on the college internal website.
13. (#1253) You are required to submit your assignment by Friday.
14. (#1252) Everyone must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
15. (#1251) A person's education level is closely related to his economic background.
16. (#1250) Climate change is being acknowledged by many scientists.
17. (#1249) We can't consider any increases in our prices at this stage.
18. (#1248) Resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
19. (#1247) This is interesting in parliament.
20. (#1246) Career opportunites in this field are quite limited.
21. (#1244) Free campus tours run daily during summer for prospective students.
22. (#1243) Assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
23. (#1242) The toughest part of the research for postgraduate students is the funding.
24. (#1241) The history of the movement was recorded by several writers.
25. (#1240) Americans have progressively found the growth in quantitative terms.
26. (#1239) Most theories are quite similar, but a few critics disagree.
27. (#1238) The importance of this event was not yet fully understood.
28. (#939) I thought it was thrown in the small meeting room.
29. (#938) There is a need for constructive dialog between leaders.
30. (#937) You can contact all your tutors by email.
31. (#936) Relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
32. (#935) The schedule allows plenty of time for individual study.
33. (#934) Artists, other than politicians, played their own roles as critics of the culture.
34. (#933) The vocabulary that has peculiar meanings is called jargon.
35. (#932) When workers ask for higher wages, companies often raise their prices.
36. (#931) Undergraduate students may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
37. (#930) Our class is divided into two groups, you come with me, others stay here.
38. (#929) Laws protect consumer rights and help avoid market problems.
39. (#928) The results of the experiment are reported in the table below.
40. (#927) The island is located at the north end of the bay.
41. (#926) Sales figures for last year were better than expected.
42. (#925) Most critics agreed with the new theory, but few disagreed.
43. (#924) Avoid confusing the cause and effect of these changes.
44. (#923) They were struggling last year to make their service pay.
45. (#922) Nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
46. (#921) Experts believe that the industrial development will help the economy.
47. (#920) Some of the features are parts of the previous research.
48. (#919) The dining hall will undergo renovation during the fall break.
49. (#918) The university officer will help you locate the housing and transportation.
50. (#917) Writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
51. (#914) It is important to allocate your time wisely when revising.
52. (#913) The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
53. (#912) The coffee house menu featured coffee, sandwiches and toast.
54. (#908) Neurons are principally involved in biological processes.
55. (#906) The economic books are at the back, on the left.
56. (#905) Please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
57. (#903) The application process may take longer than it's expected.
58. (#902) University departments carefully monitor articles and other publications by faculty.
59. (#901) Control systems in manufacturing provide a high level of accuracy.
60. (#898) It is hard to anticipate all their actions.
61. (#895) The essay is easy to write once the research is completed.
62. (#892) A number of students have volunteer jobs.
63. (#890) This paper challenges many previously accepted theories.
64. (#889) The new product failed due to a lack of demand.
65. (#888) The scientists now study a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
66. (#887) You come with me, and the others stay here.
67. (#886) If you are not sure, phone student services for help.
68. (#885) Heavy rain will fall throughout the country next week.
69. (#884) The celebrated theory has a great degree of controversy.
70. (#883) Observers waited nervously and with bated breath for the concert.
71. (#882) The morning's leature on economic policy has been canceled.
72. (#879) Let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
73. (#877) Successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
74. (#875) Presidential elections are held once every four years.
75. (#874) Students have the options to live in college residences or apartments.
76. (#871) Politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation.
77. (#869) The students were instructed to submit their assignments before Friday.
78. (#866) The toughest part of postgraduate education is funding.
79. (#865) Preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
80. (#864) Your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
81. (#862) Your task is to create demand for the product.
82. (#861) The decision was made with the support of several faculty members.
83. (#860) The nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
84. (#858) To achieve full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
85. (#857) The final year will consist of four taught courses and one project
86. (#855) There was not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
87. (#854) Tribes vied with each other to build up monolithic statues.
88. (#853) Review all your sources before drawing any conclusions.
89. (#852) All staff must leave from the fire hydrant exit.
90. (#851) The sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
91. (#850) The most important process of farming is weeding.
92. (#849) The car carries a single object.
93. (#848) Teaching assistants will receive a monthly stipend for housing.
94. (#846) This guide is qualified to lead the groups into the mountains.
95. (#844) The university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
96. (#843) Student concession cards can be obtained by completing an application form.
97. (#841) The company needs to polish its image.
98. (#840) Leading companies have changed their policies after reports were released.
99. (#839) Newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space.
100. (#838) You must submit your assignments by next Friday at the latest.