---
layout: post
title: 黑科技WFD句子 06
categories: English
description: WFD句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE WFD
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**WFD句子**

- [黑科技WFD句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80wfd%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# 黑科技WFD句子
1. (#3631) Parents are financially responsible for their children until they reach adulthood.
2. (#3625) The ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
3. (#3624) Geography is generally divided into two branches: human and physical.
4. (#3623) Please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
5. (#3615) You may need to purchase an academic gown for the commencement.
6. (#3598) A good reserach delivers practical benefits for real people.
7. (#3596) The lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policy in the United States.
8. (#3593) Most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
9. (#3589) The railway made long-distance travel possible for everyone.
10. (#3585) Safety glasses should be worn while doing experiments in the lab.
11. (#3579) The city's founders created a set of rules that became the law.
12. (#3567) Important details in the article are missing from the summary.
13. (#3565) Radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
14. (#3561) The plight of wildlife has been ignored by developers.
15. (#3559) Traffic is the main cause of pollution in many cities.
16. (#3549) The exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.
17. (#3537) She used to be the editor of the student newspaper.
18. (#3530) It is important for students to keep up with the deadline.
19. (#3529) We study science to understand and appreciate the world around us.
20. (#3525) Making a mistake is fine as long as you've learned from it.
21. (#3511) The business policy seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
22. (#3502) Please visit the website for the information about the opening times.
23. (#3501) Your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
24. (#3499) The nation achieved prosperity by opening its ports for trade.
25. (#3489) The aim is to reduce the risks that people take.
26. (#3488) Most of the students have not considered this issues before.
27. (#3486) The chemistry building is located near the entrance to the campus.
28. (#3483) The history of this university is a long and interesting one.
29. (#3482) Scientists are always asking the government for more money.
30. (#3481) Native speakers are exempt from language tests in their own language.
31. (#3480) The scientists found most of the studies today.
32. (#3479) Remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
33. (#3458) She began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.
34. (#3370) The university seeks the funds for renovation of the theater.
35. (#3340) Important details from the article are missing in this summary.
36. (#3338) The untapped potential of using the sun is enormous.
37. (#3327) The dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.
38. (#3323) I will come back to this in a moment.
39. (#3316) The article extrapolates a number of very interesting experiments.
40. (#3315) Many graduates of journalism get jobs in the communications field.
41. (#3305) Money and how it is paid can be the motivation for the work.
42. (#2480) We were able to contact a number of researchers.
43. (#2478) The same issue featured both the explanations and the problems.
44. (#2477) All educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
45. (#2474) All dissertations must be accompanied by a submission form.
46. (#2436) Efforts have been made to reduce harmful emissions.
47. (#2233) The other book is not thorough but is's more insightful.
48. (#2232) The article considered the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas of places.
49. (#2231) Let me give you an example to explain what I mean.
50. (#2194) Archaeologists' new discovery stands out in previously overlooked foundations.
51. (#2186) Rivers provide habitats for fish and other aquatic specieds.
52. (#2185) Recession triggers creativity and high rates of entrepreneurship due to a past experience.
53. (#2184) Clinical placements in nursing prepare students for professional practice.
54. (#2159) Certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by logical deduction.
55. (#2157) In addition to the requirements, students must pass the qualifying examinations.


