---
layout: post
title: 黑科技WFD句子 07
categories: English
description: WFD句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE WFD
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**WFD句子**

- [黑科技WFD句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80wfd%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# 黑科技WFD句子
1. (#1840) The theme of the issue was the estimation of the problem.
2. (#1839) This class will look at the structure of the essay.
3. (#1837) Statistic results should be expressed in different ways, depending on circumstances.
4. (#1836) The qualification will be assessed by using a criterion reference to approach.
5. (#1835) The synopsisy contains the most important information.
6. (#1834) The excursion for children is very much open to debate.
7. (#1833) Doctoral writings have the structure in place as well as scientific papers.
8. (#1832) That means they have so many struggling overlaps.
9. (#1831) Freshwater creatures didn't appear in the painting until the modern period.
10. (#1830) These have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
11. (#1829) They have both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.
12. (#1828) The whole point of the project was to look at the norm, not the exception.
13. (#1827) Below the heating controls in the middle is a small round plastic button.
14. (#1826) Many toxins originate from plants or animals.
15. (#1825) Government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
16. (#1824) The evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personel.
17. (#1823) Listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.
18. (#1822) Scientific benefit to space exploration is frequently questioned.
19. (#1820) It is a really comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice.
20. (#1819) The consumer confidence has a direct effect on sales.
21. (#1818) The library holds substantial materials of economic history.
22. (#1817) Human beings compete with other species for space and resources.
23. (#1816) All students need to attend no less than ten labs per semester.
24. (#1815) The garden behind the university is open to the public in the summer.
25. (#1814) Parents' talk to children tends to be simplified.
26. (#1813) All answers must be examined and supported by relevant theory.
27. (#1812) The university seeks funding for the renovation of the lecture theater.
28. (#1811) All industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
29. (#1810) The faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful.
30. (#1809) The summer school program allows students to summarize their studies.
31. (#1808) Rivers provide habitats and migration places for many aquatic species.
32. (#1807) This course is very integrated because it has several parts.
33. (#1806) A very basic function of computing is counting and calculating.
34. (#1805) The properties should be appropriately distributed.
35. (#1804) The curriculum needed to be adjusted for development.
36. (#1803) He was regarded as the foremost economist in that time.
37. (#1802) Students find true or false questions harder than short answers.
38. (#1801) The lecture will cover the reasons for climate change.
39. (#1800) Peer group pressure has a significant effect on young people.
40. (#1799) Listening is the key skill leading to success in this course.
41. (#1798) Packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
42. (#1797) When launching a product, researching and marketing are very vital.
43. (#1796) We can have a lecture on the morning of Thursday.
44. (#1450) Companies want to protect their brands from negative comments.
45. (#1449) The massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument.
46. (#1448) Organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
47. (#1446) You can find a lot more information on the university website.
48. (#1445) The author's previous works are more philosophical and less experimental.
49. (#1444) The early work is more philosophical rather than experimental.
50. (#1443) Each group needs to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
51. (#1441) You should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
52. (#1440) A recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
53. (#1439) The early works of this research are more experimental.
54. (#1438) It is a slash to debate about the value of the knowledge.
55. (#1437) Water taps on the campus will discourage the frequent use of plastic bottles.
56. (#1436) The report contains the most important information.
57. (#1435) Books for children often contain many beautiful illustrations.
58. (#1434) Before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
59. (#1433) Attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
60. (#1432) An ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
61. (#1431) Agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
62. (#1430) Affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
63. (#1429) Rising sales figures means a rise in demand.
64. (#1428) Some people regarded it as carelessness, while others regarded it as recklessness.
65. (#1427) Remember, the gifts purchased by the children should have a striped character.
66. (#1426) It was hard to anticipate how all the different characters would react.
67. (#1425) Behind the group, there is a flat cart drawn by the mules.
68. (#1424) The module of the work is more of a compositional style.
69. (#1423) When met with high potential risks, companies will raise their prices.
70. (#1422) It is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
71. (#1421) Please make sure you have collected all the necessary materials.
72. (#1420) Software companies design and create new products.
73. (#1419) Medical researchers have focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
74. (#1418) The findings of researchers are focusing on the causes of the diseases and treatments.
75. (#1417) The commissioner will portion the funds among all the sovereignties.
76. (#1416) Identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
77. (#1415) Public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
78. (#1414) The commission of funds supported among authorities has raised an argument.
79. (#1413) And in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
80. (#1411) Climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
81. (#1410) They have struggled since last year to make their services paid.
82. (#1409) If finance is a cause of concern, scholarships may be avaiable.
83. (#1408) The glimpse of dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
84. (#1407) Why has the project been held up for so long?
85. (#1406) A party is thrown in the small meeting room.
86. (#1405) Before submitting your dissertation, your advisor must approve your application.
87. (#1403) Inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
88. (#1402) Higher numbers of patients were infected than previous during outbreaks of illness.
89. (#1401) Upgrading manufacturing system can increase efficiency.
90. (#1400) Climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among reputable scientists.
91. (#1399) Students were instructed to stand in a straight line outside the classroom.
92. (#1398) Your agents will collect the commission for each house they sell.
93. (#1397) Article numbers are collected through interesting experiments.
94. (#1396) The elective course introduces engineering students to construct practices and concepts.
95. (#1395) The student identification card will be issued by today or tomorrow.
96. (#1394) All writers, consciously or unconsciously, represent their own cultures.
97. (#1393) The coffee house has sepcial student discounts throughout the week.
98. (#1392) Your thesis should have a fairly limited scope.
99. (#1391) You are required to complete your research paper by next Monday.
100. (#1390) The university library has most of the necessary books.


