---
layout: post
title: 黑科技WFD句子 08
categories: English
description: WFD句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE WFD
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**WFD句子**

- [黑科技WFD句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80wfd%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# 黑科技WFD句子
1. (#1389) There was no correlation between drug use and cure rates.
2. (#1388) The first assignment is due on the fourteenth of September.
3. (#1387) A group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library's conference room.
4. (#1386) Interim grades will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
5. (#1385) Final year business students have to write a 5000-word essay on market trends.
6. (#1384) The time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
7. (#1383) The thief visits the homes of several people every day.
8. (#1382) The new technician dropped the microscope in the biology lab.
9. (#1381) In spite of the differences, all the species of life share certain characteristics.
10. (#1380) Many graduate students can find a job in the communications field.
11. (#1379) It is hard to observe the reaction of the character.
12. (#1378) Try to work with each other to build up a sense of cooperation and team spirit.
13. (#1377) She received a scholarship from the State University.
14. (#1376) There is a strict eligibility criterion to undertake background speaker studies.
15. (#1375) Most teaching staff make their lecture notes avaiable online.
16. (#1372) Those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
17. (#1371) Please remember to bring a highlighter to class next Wednesday.
18. (#1370) The slide shows there has been a minimal growth.
19. (#1369) Competition for places in this course is fierce.
20. (#1368) Today's lecture material will be included in the next assignment.
21. (#1367) Relevant materials are reserved in the library.
22. (#1366) We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forcasting.
23. (#1365) The curriculum is described in the course syllabus.
24. (#1364) Conferences ought to be scheduled two weeks in advance.
25. (#1261) Mutually exclusive events can be described as either complementary or opposite.
26. (#1260) He has landed a job in prestigious law firm.
27. (#1259) The schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
28. (#1258) If it helps to take notes in order to concentrate, please do so.
29. (#1257) Animals raised in captivity behave differently than their wild counterparts.
30. (#1256) Materials and resources are on hold at the library's front desk.
31. (#1255) Our professor is hosting the business development conference.
32. (#1254) Lectures' outlines are avaiable on the college internal website.
33. (#1253) You are required to submit your assignment by Friday.
34. (#1252) Everyone must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
35. (#1251) A person's education level is closely related to his economic background.
36. (#1250) Climate change is being acknowledged by many scientists.
37. (#1249) We can't consider any increases in our prices at this stage.
38. (#1248) Resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
39. (#1247) This is interesting in parliament.
40. (#1246) Career opportunites in this field are quite limited.
41. (#1244) Free campus tours run daily during summer for prospective students.
42. (#1243) Assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
43. (#1242) The toughest part of the research for postgraduate students is the funding.
44. (#1241) The history of the movement was recorded by several writers.
45. (#1240) Americans have progressively found the growth in quantitative terms.
46. (#1239) Most theories are quite similar, but a few critics disagree.
47. (#1238) The importance of this event was not yet fully understood.
48. (#939) I thought it was thrown in the small meeting room.
49. (#938) There is a need for constructive dialog between leaders.
50. (#937) You can contact all your tutors by email.
51. (#936) Relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
52. (#935) The schedule allows plenty of time for individual study.
53. (#934) Artists, other than politicians, played their own roles as critics of the culture.
54. (#933) The vocabulary that has peculiar meanings is called jargon.
55. (#932) When workers ask for higher wages, companies often raise their prices.
56. (#931) Undergraduate students may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
57. (#930) Our class is divided into two groups, you come with me, others stay here.
58. (#929) Laws protect consumer rights and help avoid market problems.
59. (#928) The results of the experiment are reported in the table below.
60. (#927) The island is located at the north end of the bay.
61. (#926) Sales figures for last year were better than expected.
62. (#925) Most critics agreed with the new theory, but few disagreed.
63. (#924) Avoid confusing the cause and effect of these changes.
64. (#923) They were struggling last year to make their service pay.
65. (#922) Nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
66. (#921) Experts believe that the industrial development will help the economy.
67. (#920) Some of the features are parts of the previous research.
68. (#919) The dining hall will undergo renovation during the fall break.
69. (#918) The university officer will help you locate the housing and transportation.
70. (#917) Writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
71. (#914) It is important to allocate your time wisely when revising.
72. (#913) The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
73. (#912) The coffee house menu featured coffee, sandwiches and toast.
74. (#908) Neurons are principally involved in biological processes.
75. (#906) The economic books are at the back, on the left.
76. (#905) Please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
77. (#903) The application process may take longer than it's expected.
78. (#902) University departments carefully monitor articles and other publications by faculty.
79. (#901) Control systems in manufacturing provide a high level of accuracy.
80. (#898) It is hard to anticipate all their actions.
81. (#895) The essay is easy to write once the research is completed.
82. (#892) A number of students have volunteer jobs.
83. (#890) This paper challenges many previously accepted theories.
84. (#889) The new product failed due to a lack of demand.
85. (#888) The scientists now study a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
86. (#887) You come with me, and the others stay here.
87. (#886) If you are not sure, phone student services for help.
88. (#885) Heavy rain will fall throughout the country next week.
89. (#884) The celebrated theory has a great degree of controversy.
90. (#883) Observers waited nervously and with bated breath for the concert.
91. (#882) The morning's leature on economic policy has been canceled.
92. (#879) Let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
93. (#877) Successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
94. (#875) Presidential elections are held once every four years.
95. (#874) Students have the options to live in college residences or apartments.
96. (#871) Politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation.
97. (#869) The students were instructed to submit their assignments before Friday.
98. (#866) The toughest part of postgraduate education is funding.
99. (#865) Preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
100. (#864) Your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
101. (#862) Your task is to create demand for the product.
102. (#861) The decision was made with the support of several faculty members.
103. (#860) The nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
104. (#858) To achieve full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
105. (#857) The final year will consist of four taught courses and one project
106. (#855) There was not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
107. (#854) Tribes vied with each other to build up monolithic statues.
108. (#853) Review all your sources before drawing any conclusions.
109. (#852) All staff must leave from the fire hydrant exit.
110. (#851) The sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
111. (#850) The most important process of farming is weeding.
112. (#849) The car carries a single object.
113. (#848) Teaching assistants will receive a monthly stipend for housing.
114. (#846) This guide is qualified to lead the groups into the mountains.
115. (#844) The university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
116. (#843) Student concession cards can be obtained by completing an application form.
117. (#841) The company needs to polish its image.
118. (#840) Leading companies have changed their policies after reports were released.
119. (#839) Newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space.
120. (#838) You must submit your assignments by next Friday at the latest.

