---
layout: post
title: 黑科技RS句子 01
categories: English
description: RS句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE RS
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**RS句子**

- [黑科技RS句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80rs%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)
  - [part1](#part1)
  - [part2](#part2)
  - [part3](#part3)
  - [part4](#part4)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# 黑科技RS句子
## part1
1. (#7214) The puppets do comedy routines and there is some terrific formation dancing.
2. (#7213) The health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library.
3. (#7168) Only those who are over eighteen years of age are eligible to open a bank account in our bank.
4. (#7103) This is how we deliver health care to millions of people all over the world.
5. (#7098) Robert Frost lived in rural areas in New England.
6. (#7096) The geographic assignment should be submitted by the midday of Friday.
7. (#7095) All applications of internship are available in the office.
8. (#7094) Ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading to both two partners.
9. (#7078) I'm glad you arrived here safely.
10. (#7061) Contemporary commentators dismiss his idea as ecentric.
11. (#7029) Every living thing begins as a single cell.
12. (#7002) My laptop has crashed and cannot save any file.
13. (#7001) The interpreter is not available in our department.
14. (#6914) It is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than indi(#6856)vidual tasks.
15. I've got a tutorial in an hour and haven't had time to prepare for it.
16. (#6855) She feared becoming an object of ridicule.
17. (#6853) We are so dependent on the computer that we cannot live without it.
18. (#6852) The company number of bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
19. (#6848) Lots of students had money and passports stolen especially at night.
20. (#6847) In the dark, before the dawn, the plane was assembled.
21. (#6846) The competency in the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
22. (#6844) The trip for the professional training will start soon, so, pack the items before we leave.
23. (#6843) The office opens on Wednesday and Thursday.
24. (#6840) Our university accommodation has a volleyball team for students to join in.
25. (#6831) With the development of technology, something brings a lot of benefits to the US.
26. (#6825) The undergraduate students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
27. (#6814) Anonymous behaviors can be identified without intervention.
28. (#6799) To contact the education executive, you need to call 401.
29. (#6792) The timetable will be posted on the website before the starts.
30. (#6788) All students and staff have access to printers and scanners.
31. (#6786) The university has a number of travel scholarships that students can apply for.
32. (#6766) Children can share their launch at around noon.
33. (#6762) We need to read the first five chapters in preparation of next Monday's tutorial.
34. (#6761) Robert would live in rural areas in London.
35. (#6759) Internet provides unusual opportunities for students and current events.
36. (#6756) Companies are aiming to earn the money not to change the society.
37. (#6698) We will study the following two pictures in the next lecture.
38. (#6697) We will see if we can get through this without too many interruptions.
39. (#6696) The key to success in the exam is to study hard and do well.
40. (#6695) Many of the universities' original buildings are still in use.
41. (#6672) It is interesting to observe the development of language skills of toddlers.
42. (#6658) She is going for a master's degree in mathematics.
43. (#6624) Since the problems we face are global, we need to find the global solutions.
44. (#6546) In 1880, cycling become a major phenomenon in Europe.
45. (#6524) Care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups in the times of infection.
46. (#6522) John went rushing off down the corridor.
47. (#6521) Care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups during the periods of turmoil.
48. (#6520) Please carefully study the framework and complete the survey.
49. (#6519) The lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policies in the United States.
50. (#6518) You can have your laptop during the exam.
51. (#6517) What is the most effective way of interaction between teachers and students in class?
52. (#6516) Tuesday's lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
53. (#6515) To improve the essay, I decided to include more direct quotes.
54. (#6514) This is the third time you've asked for an extension on this project.
55. (#6513) The buildings looked lovely in the bright sunshine.
56. (#6512) The purpose is to build new houses for local people.
57. (#6500) The student housing is of very high quality, but still affordable.
58. (#6497) The pollution level in New Delhi has reached an alarming level.
59. (#6496) The next semester has many demanding courses.
60. (#6494) The modern approach to the problem is to stress the symbolic side of human nature.
61. (#6493) The latest version of the operating system has many flaws.
62. (#6192) The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
63. (#6491) The financial report for the last quarter will be available this afternoon.
64. (#6490) The city needs improved infrastructure to attract more investments.
65. (#6489) The quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
66. (#6488) Please switch off all electronic devices when you are attending a conference session.
67. (#6487) Parental expectations are a major cause of stress among students.
68. (#6486) One of the salients of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
69. (#6485) Of course, you can also choose to have your grades emailed to you.
70. (#6483) Of all the heating option, central heating is the best.
71. (#6481) Mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn't feel lonely.
72. (#6480) It's just a feeling having tried something new and succeeded.
73. (#6479) It is obligatory for companies to provide details of their industrial processes.
74. (#6478) It is important to validate all assumptions before arriving at a conclusion.
75. (#6476) If your parents come to visit you this semester, where will they stay?
76. (#6475) If you are working after 11 o'clock, who will drive you home?
77. (#6474) I'm sorry for being late for today's lecture.
78. (#6473) i'm quite aware of my own inadequacies.
79. (#6472) I think we should get together over the weekend to discuss this assignment.


## part2
1. (#6471) I think is's one of the best things I have done really.
2. (#6470) I spoke to him in English, but I couldn't make myself understood.
3. (#6469) I just want to let you know that I think you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
4. (#6468) I found a large rock and I broke through the basement window.
5. (#6467) I don't think they support that version of the program any more.
6. (#6466) Humans need to use energy in order to exist.
7. (#6465) Electric cars are the future of transportation as they promise a cleaner environment.
8. (#6464) Do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environment problems?
9. (#6463) The Australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
10. (#6462) Costs can be calculated once the critical path has been established.
11. (#6460) We didn't mean to ask him to do it because he cannot manage it.
12. (#6459) Make sure the Financial Director knows the full details of the Pay Agreement.
13. (#6458) Expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates in a job interview.
14. (#6457) We need to make sure the school principal knows about the changes.
15. (#6456) We want to attract the very best students regardless of their financial circumstances.
16. (#6455) The generic biology technology lab is located at the North Wing of the library.
17. (#6454) The older equipment has been put at the back of the building.
18. (#6448) There is considerably less supervision at university.
19. (#6431) There is a prestigious program for our university.
20. (#6430) Students are competing for every place in the computer courses.
21. (#6423) Essays with few or no citations will be regarded as invalid.
22. (#6421) Many undergraduate students go back home to stay with their parents after graduation.
23. (#6420) The professor is going to discuss the conflict.
24. (#6419) His objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of controversy to him.
25. (#6418) The lecture was meant to start at ten.
26. (#6417) She told the faculty to be very supportive.
27. (#6416) Native discourse continues to be predominant in discussion of gender.
28. (#6415) All source of materials must be included in your bibliography.
29. (#6414) The new English class will start next Monday morning.
30. (#6413) There are a range of housing options near the university.
31. (#6412) Our school of Arts and Technology accepts applications at all points throughout the year.
32. (#6383) The current statistical evidence indicates the need of further research.
33. (#6382) The student service center is located on the main campus behind the library.
34. (#6379) If you want to sell all your books, it must have a list of bibliography.
35. (#6378) You can only choose one subject from biology and media.
36. (#6377) Our capacity to respond to national needs will determine our ability to flourish.
37. (#6376) I don't understand what the comment of my essay means at all.
38. (#6375) Factors such as cost and function influence the design of a bridge.
39. (#6374) Unlike applied arts, fine arts do not serve a practical function.
40. (#6373) The university is working towards being more environmentally sustainable.
41. (#6372) Economy of scale is the increase in efficiency that occurs when more goods are producted.
42. (#6371) The research looked at neighborhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
43. (#6370) Students with queries about this term's timetables must speak to their tutors immediately.
44. (#6339) Those reference books are too old, while the others are ok.
45. (#6314) His lecture is always useful and stimulating.
46. (#6293) In my free time, I would like to read current affairs and newspapers.
47. (#6290) This research is relevant, especially in an applied setting.
48. (#6289) The rain unleashed deadly floods and landslides that swept away roads and buildings.
49. (#6288) The key to effective study is being organized.
50. (#6287) In 2014, scientists used a telescope in space and made a surprising discovery.
51. (#6286) In the dark, before the dawn, the plane was assembled.
52. (#6285) It's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts.
53. (#6284) Male executives were more likely to have unique names.
54. (#6283) These aquatic mammals are trained to patrol the coast.
55. (#6282) They aren't after gold though, they are after platinum and water.
56. (#6281) The cost of taking water and fuel from earth into space is enormous.
57. (#6280) Unfortunately, their immune systems were not strong enough to fight off common earthly bacteria.
58. (#6279) As humanity begins the colonization of space, raw materials like water have to be sourced.
59. (#6278) Things happened to me at the age of 12 that completely transformed my life.
60. (#6277) This is how we deliver healthcare to millions of people the world over.
61. (#6276) I'm wondering if cell phones are just as dangerous as cigarettes.
62. (#6275) For human beings breathing is a symbol of life.
63. (#6274) How can we inspire people and ourselves to be self-motivated ?
64. (#6273) Back in the 1940s and 1950s, people were smoking cigarettes frequently.
65. (#6272) I think of those leaders who inspire us to go beyond the call of duty.
66. (#6271) Some young people seem to be addicted to their cellphones.
67. (#6268) Companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected devices.
68. (#6267) Humans have the ability to mentally say over 700 words a minute.
69. (#6266) Lots of students had money and passport stolen especially at night.
70. (#6262) You shouldn't have any problems making general conclusions for your survey.
71. (#6261) Psychologically, stress affects the way you think.
72. (#6260) We preferred to stay in local pubs or student hostels.
73. (#6258) We handed out almost 400 surveys to international students.
74. (#6257) Today I am here to explain some of the student support services.
75. (#6256) Don't underestimate the importance that stress plays in exam performance.
76. (#6255) It's vital that you keep your credit card details and report your loss to the police.
77. (#6254) I am teaching French at the moment and studying linguistics.
78. (#6253) Students cards are issued by administration offices.
79. (#6252) The night trains were filled with British students.
80. (#6251) Today, we are going to talk broadly about the second stage of project management.
81. (#6250) We get really good study guides that have all the information we need.
82. (#6249) We wanted to find out the responses from a range of international students in Australia.
83. (#6248) We were hoping to get started on our research we've only got two weeks.
84. (#6247) My mother always says to pack one week before you go on vacation.
85. (#6246) The transition from school to university can be a difficult one.
86. (#6245) If you give me the details, I can give you an answer by tomorrow morning.
87. (#6244) Good cheap accommodation close to the university is in high demand.
88. (#6243) I find teaching is very satisfying, it's great to see students do well.
89. (#6237) The hypothesis needs to be tested in a more rigorous way.
90. (#6232) You should enquire about the Direct Deposit.
91. (#6231) We didn't have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
92. (#6230) Today, we will be discussing the role of the government in preventing injustice.
93. (#6229) It seems that language appeared from nowhere.
94. (#6228) Animals grow larger and stronger to help them hunt better.
95. (#6196) As a student union member, we can influence the change of the university.
96. (#6195) They have enough works to keep them going.
97. (#6165) There is a plan in place for those who have difficulty paying their bills.
98. (#5999) You can change your courses on the website during the registration period.
99. (#5998) Would you please put the materials on the table?
100. (#5997) I don't agree with the author's point of view, but his presentation is good.

## part3
1. (#5993) Please explain what the author means by sustainability.
2. (#5921) You can pay using crash or a credit card.
3. (#5920) Your watch is fast, you need to reset it.
4. (#5919) The largest department in this university is the history department.
5. (#5804) It is good for the environment also good for your electricity bill.
6. (#5795) Students who wish to apply for an extension should approach their tutors.
7. (#5794) The module develops our understanding of the theory behind advertising campaign.
8. (#5793) The conference is predicted to draw greater numbers than last year.
9. (#5792) Opposition to the government tax policies is widespread across business sectors.
10. (#5791) Most students in last year's course did well in this module.
11. (#5790) It's important that humans dispose of their waste in appropriate ways.
12. (#5787) Many privately owned firms have been eaten up by larger corporations.
13. (#5786) Here is only one example, but there are lots of others.
14. (#5785) Exam results will be available next week from the course office.
15. (#5784) They say Professor James's lectures are always interesting and fun.
16. (#5783) There is an hourly bus service from the campus into town.
17. (#5782) The seminar will now take place once a week on Tuesday.
18. (#5781) The number of students registering for postgraduate research has risen.
19. (#5780) The law library is closed on Sundays and public holidays.
20. (#5779) Extra seminars will be scheduled to assis you with revision.
21. (#5778) You need to write a proposal for your research.
22. (#5777) Visual aids can make presentations clear and more interesting.
23. (#5776) This semester we plan to specialize in education psychology.
24. (#5775) There are no places left in the morning tutorial.
25. (#5768) The most modern agricultural equipment is now extremely expensive.
26. (#5764) Much of the evidence being used has recently become available.
27. (#5763) All students on engineering courses spent one year working on the wall experience.
28. (#5762) I expect a long and stagnant debate for a week or two on this issue.
29. (#5761) To measure distance could take as much as three weeks.
30. (#5760) Environmental friendliness is a new category in which campuses are competing.
31. (#5759) Please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
32. (#5758) Please make sure all works follow the department deadlines.
33. (#5757) Please do not bring food into the classroom.
34. (#5756) You can find the student service center on level one of home building.
35. (#5723) The new drug will be tested in North America.
36. (#5722) Computer software has changed a lot since last year.
37. (#5721) Without doubt, his primary motive was economic growth.
38. (#5720) I've always been interested in biology and physics.
39. (#5719) I'm afraid Professor Jones doesn't suffer fools gladly.
40. (#5718) Does the university have an ice hockey team?
41. (#5717) Books which are overdue will incur daily fine.
42. (#5716) Does the professor keep regular office hours?
43. (#5715) The thought never crossed my mind.
44. (#5698) Arteries carry oxygenated blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
45. (#5689) The politics combine both the legislative and the political authorities.
46. (#5688) All of our accommodations are within an easy walking distance to teaching blocks.
47. (#5687) The application form must be submitted before the end of the term.
48. (#5618) History is not the simple collection of dates and events.
49. (#5614) Generally, students have unusual problems in school.
50. (#5613) Before choosing your university course, you should consider your career.
51. (#5566) The problem with this is that is fails to answer the basic question.
52. (#5565) The professor will be the last speaker this evening.
53. (#5561) The gap between the rich and the poor did not decrease rapidly as been expected.
54. (#5548) In market, short-time thought often leads to disaster.
55. (#5541) Participants were not performing an actual purchase.
56. (#5540) The website interface represents the stimulus that influences consumer's decision making.
57. (#5539) Diagnosis ia not a discrete or limited process.
58. (#5538) This essay examined the use of computer in the science classroom.
59. (#5537) A science-based approach is vital for effective advancements.
60. (#5536) A key feature in drug development is examination of the pharmacological effects.
61. (#5534) Genetic and biochemical analyses have generated detailed portfolios of mechanisms.
62. (#5533) Cellular engineering strategies are highly desirable.
63. (#5531) There has been a rapid growth in the commercial market.
64. (#5530) Most of the strategies are in a preclinical state.
65. (#5529) The current and conventional method has many disadvantages including the side effects.
66. (#5528) Proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organisms.
67. (#5527) Quantitative and temporal parameters of food consumption were used.
68. (#5526) We developed a method for evaluation of dynamic changes.
69. (#5525) Some methods for clinical applications have been presented as well.
70. (#5523) The aim of the work, presented could be formulated as follows.
71. (#5522) The search for universal explanations plays an important role in the development of archaeological theory.
72. (#5521) The chief industries are weaving, leather making, dyeing and working in iron and pottery.
73. (#5520) I think it's a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having (#5998)studied with a native speaker.
74. (#5519) The university will introduce several new courses in the coming year.
75. (#5518) Detailed analysis of population growth has revealed some alarming predictions.
76. (#5515) It is clear that little accurate documentation is in support of this claim.
77. (#5500) In the past, people ate very different foods.
78. (#5499) It is easy to provide the definition of the world.
79. (#5498) During the second term, you are supposed to submit one essay per week.
80. (#5487) It provides an opportunity to work with other disciplines.
81. (#5483) Student discount cards can be used on campus in the coffee house.
82. (#5482) Organic food is grown without applying chemicals and possesses no artificial additives.
83. (#5440) People with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
84. (#5435) Politicians can make better decisions if they listen to the public opinion.
85. (#5404) In our institute, prospective students have access to thirteen college libraries.
86. (#5389) You need to give a better example to support your argument.
87. (#5388) You can download all lecture handouts from the course website.
88. (#5387) Please sort and order the slides of the presentation according to topic and speech time.
89. (#5386) Once more under the pressure of economic necessity, practice outstripped theory.
90. (#5385) Hypothetically, insufficient mastery in the areas slows future progress.
91. (#5384) Research has found that there is no correlation between diet and intelligence.
92. (#5382) Students are not allowed to take the journal out of the library.
93. (#5381) A renowned economist is selected to have a speech tonight at eight.
94. (#5380) You can retake the module if your marks are too low.
95. (#5379) Hemoglobin carries oxygen from the lungs to other parts of the body.
96. (#5378) But they haven't come to widespread use yet.
97. (#5377) The investigation aims to establish stains of the problem.
98. (#5376) The lecture management in Japan will take place in week seven.
99. (#5375) There is a limited amount of departmental funding which is available for qualified students.
100. (#5340) The chemistry building is still open during vacation.


## part4
1. (#5322) The fertile plains in the east of the region provide an excellent land for farming.
2. (#5321) During that period, heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
3. (#5320) Tomorrow's lunchtime seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
4. (#5318) It's important to keep this medicine in the fridge.
5. (#5317) His academic supervisor called in to see him last night.
6. (#5315) Higher fees cause the student to look more critically at what universities offer.
7. (#5314) This hypothesis on black hole is rendered moot as the explanation of the explosion.
8. (#5313) She doesn't care about anything but what is honest and true.
9. (#5312) This session is not supported by documentation.
10. (#5311) Nearly half of the television outputs are given away for educational programing.
11. (#5310) The study of archaeology requires intensive international fieldwork.
12. (#5309) That country's economy is primarily based on tourism.
13. (#5308) Note-taking methods work great both on paper and digitally.
14. (#5307) Leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
15. (#5305) In spite of the cold temperature, the sky is clear and blue.
16. (#5304) In English, the first letter of months of the year are always capitalized.
17. (#5303) I need more quotations to back up my argument.
18. (#5302) I know how to solve the problem, but I've been asked not to tell you.
19. (#5301) He is almost never in his office.
20. (#5298) Applicants for the course preferably have a degree in English or journalism.
21. (#5296) You must go to the reception to pick up your student card.
22. (#5283) Chapter one provides the historical background to the topic.
23. (#5281) Storytelling is a common teaching technique in many countries.
24. (#5280) Folk tales are passed orally from generation to generation.
25. (#5276) In 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in America.
26. (#5275) This small Indian state is a land of forests, valleys and snowy islands.
27. (#5274) The US ranks twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of GDP.
28. (#5273) Meeting with mentors can be scheduled for students who require additional support.
29. (#5272) I am pleased to report that many topics have been involved in this lecture.
30. (#5271) Students who selected two to three courses may need an extension.
31. (#5270) You need to be careful when quoting Internet source.
32. (#5269) One of the hardest things about starting university is finding your way around.
33. (#5268) The new professor used to work in a world bank.
34. (#5255) There is a position available for assistant lecturer for mathematics.
35. (#5254) Many medical volunteers no longer have access to medical literature.
36. (#5253) Most of these criticisms can be shown as false.
37. (#5252) He told me it was the most important assignment of all.
38. (#5251) Would you pass the material text book on the table?
39. (#5250) All lecture handouts are downloadable on the university website.
40. (#5249) University students pay a lot of money for their education.
41. (#5248) There is absolutely no archaeological evidence to prove that Alexander the Great existed.
42. (#5247) I spent my time really studying human begins.
43. (#5246) The program will be shown on the television during the weekend.
44. (#5245) A hundred years ago, Albert Einstein first published his theory of general relativity.
45. (#5244) Most printers in the library are out of ink.
46. (#5242) I even know our baby's name when she looked at me.
47. (#5229) Half of the marks in mathematics are allocated to the correct working.
48. (#5225) By clicking this button, you agree with the terms and conditions of this website.
49. (#5111) The doctor was not here today.
50. (#5020) Columbia is a world leading coffee exporter.
51. (#5019) The content of the book on the cover must be in capitals.
52. (#5018) If you like to take notes, you can but there will be handouts.
53. (#5017) For writing bibliography you need to use Italic fonts.
54. (#5015) The bookshop is located to the north of main campus.
55. (#5014) The chief economist has radical ideas for the economy.
56. (#5013) If you have a question, ask me by email.
57. (#5012) A lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
58. (#5011) Adults need to have more sleeping time.
59. (#4986) The flexibility is the key factor in this course this semester.
60. (#4983) It's within that framework that we're making our survey.
61. (#4982) What distinguishes him from others is the dramatic use of black and white photography.
62. (#4981) The United States has become a coffee culture in recent years.
63. (#4980) The lecture on geology is postponed to another day.
64. (#4979) Talented people do special marketing.
65. (#4978) Fishing is a sport and a means for surviving.
66. (#4955) If you need help, maybe I can give a hand.
67. (#4783) I used to have a cup of coffee with milk and one sugar.
68. (#4781) Student loans are now available for international students.
69. (#4780) When demand for the course rose, university authorities took on additional academic staff.
70. (#4779) Our university has strong partnerships with industry as well as collaborative relationships with government bodies. (#4998)
71. (#4778) Lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the pack building.
72. (#4776) The operation has so far been unresponsive to our proposal.
73. (#4775) Spiritualism is defined as a system of belief or religious practice.
74. (#4774) To answer such a complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
75. (#4742) The professor plans to discuss these issues this evening.
76. (#4743) Several copies must be supplied to the university department to fulfill the requirement.
77. (#4741) The library is located on the other side of the campus behind the student center.
78. (#4740) Students can put their lectures on the website.
79. (#4739) Please write your name on essay cover sheet.
80. (#4738) Every year, students pass the biology course easily.
81. (#4737) Number the beakers and put them away until tomorrow.
82. (#4734) Students can share their foods at noon.
83. (#4732) Companies need to satisfy customers' needs if they want to be successful.
84. (#4634) Does the government in your country help families that need help?
85. (#4633) The topic for discussion is usually related to the topic for a speech.
86. (#4632) Will those happy days ever be forgotten by you?
87. (#4631) Junk food's popularity relies on marketing.
88. (#4630) Conservation is the survival of future generations.
89. (#4629) My biggest concern for the future is climate change.
90. (#4628) Words can't express how sad we are to hear your loss.
91. (#4627) May the love of those around you help you through the days ahead.
92. (#4626) His tone tonight was nothing short of jealousy.
93. (#4625) Our young people need education and more organized activities.
94. (#4624) Alex captured her hands and forced her to drop the potatoes.
95. (#4623) No crop responds more readily to careful husbandry and skillful cultivation.
96. (#4621) She glanced nervously around the brush and back at him.
97. (#4620) I look for the day when a billion planets are populated with a billion people each.
98. (#4619) The hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
99. (#4618) Everyone wanted to meet the artist and discussed the work they were interested in.
100. (#4617) You are the best advertising executive this company has ever had.
