---
layout: post
title: 黑科技RS句子 02
categories: English
description: RS句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE RS
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**RS句子**

- [黑科技RS句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80rs%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)
  - [part1](#part1)
  - [part2](#part2)
  - [part3](#part3)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# 黑科技RS句子
## part1
1. (#4616) Various measures were proposed which would not have aggravated the situation.
2. (#4614) Moving up the class ladder also brings unexpected costs.
3. (#4613) I didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
4. (#4612) I look in my closet for something to wear, but I couldn't find anything approriate for the occasion.
5. (#4611) I think it's really difficult for an Englishman to imitate a real American accent.
6. (#4605) Newspapers around the country are reporting the stories of the president.
7. (#4597) Mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
8. (#4596) She doesn't pay much attention to how she dresses.
9. (#4595) Tom suggested another plan to the Committee.
10. (#5594) There is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment.
11. (#4593) How much time did you spend on doing research before you started writing?
12. (#4592) I would never feed my dog with commercial dog food.
13. (#4591) Tom doesn't watch TV except on Saturdays.
14. (#4590) The way of looking at something depends on your situation.
15. (#4589) I'm sorry but I have a previous appointment tomorrow.
16. (#4588) After she lost her job she couldn't afford to feed her dogs so she gave them away.
17. (#4587) Most animals have triangular vocal cords, but the lion's mighty pipes are square.
18. (#4583) Globalization has been an overwhelming urban and urbanization phenomenon.
19. (#4582) A demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise English is bigotry.
20. (#4581) He was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture together.
21. (#4563) Would you like to videotape our lecture?
22. (#4551) If she doesn't speak the language, she's not going to sit around and wait for a translator.
23. (#4550) The program depends entirely on private funding.
24. (#4549) There will be open book exams on Monday the 28th.
25. (#4548) Traffic is very bad in the evening, therefore we must leave early.
26. (#4547) Facebook is one of the most popular websites in the world today.
27. (#4545) We must not be discouraged by setbacks in life.
28. (#4544) Please go straight and turn left to reach the library.
29. (#4543) In consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by the faculty committee.
30. (#4537) Many health workders think that pensioners are too old and too difficult to understand.
31. (#4536) Due to rising enrolment for courses, university should increase their staff, too.
32. (#4535) The chemistry exam results will be posted on the website.
33. (#4506) The critical literature theory will continue broadening the interpretation.
34. (#4505) Basketball was created in 1891 by a physician and a physical instructor.
35. (#4463) Students will not be given creadits for assignment submitted after the due date.
36. (#4462) I can't attend the lecture because I have a doctor appointment.
37. (#4461) The clear evidence between brain events and behavioral events are always fascinating.
38. (#4460) Don't hesitate to ask if you have any questions.
39. (#4367) Few people now are skeptical about alternative power sources such as wind power.
40. (#4366) More muscles are used in swimming than any other sport.
41. (#4345) The first person in space was from the Soviet Union.
42. (#4341) Unfortunately, the two most interesting economics electives clash on my timetable.
43. (#4340) The new hypothesis needs to be tested with a new controlled experiment.
44. (#4339) Many species have yet to be described by biologists.
45. (#4338) Establishing and retaining intellectual leadership clearly takes strong management skills.
46. (#4337) Almost every representative of a new idea has to struggle and suffer similar difficulties.
47. (#4336) The interaction of climate change and soil degradation will probably aggravate conditions.
48. (#4335) Information is being given to readers in a format that looks familiar.
49. (#4334) Very little of the work of today's knowledge firm is repetitive mechanical.
50. (#4333) The recent technical advances have not only been big, they have also been fast.
51. (#4332) I must see him before he flies out to London for about a week.
52. (#4331) The verdict depends on which side was more convincing to the jury.
53. (#4328) Anatomy is the study of internal and external body structures.
54. (#4302) Biographical information should be removed prior to the publication of the results.
55. (#4301) The tutor is there for help, so do ask if you don't understand anything.
56. (#4300) After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
57. (#4299) She sold all her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
58. (#4298) To understand its entity, we need to go back to its origin.
59. (#4297) Interpreters are not readily available in this department.
60. (#4296) Our log books make up of five percent of total marks.
61. (#4291) If you need any information about the university, you can check the information office located beside the corridor. (#4210)
62. (#4290) I was overwhelmed with too much irrelevant information.
63. (#4289) I could not save my work as my computer crashed.
64. (#4288) Lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the building.
65. (#4287) Please prepare a PowerPoint presentation for tomorrows's meeting.
66. (#4286) People with an active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
67. (#4285) She ate a sandwich and drank juice.
68. (#4265) All the assignments should be submitted by the end of this week.
69. (#4262) It is acknowledged that his work is groundbreaking.
70. (#4261) You can get a student card at the reception.
71. (#4174) When I was in school, I had many of the same problems you do now.
72. (#4173) The result of the study will be published next month.
73. (#4172) The real reason for world's hunger is not the lack of food, but poverty.
74. (#4171) The original Olympic Games were celebrated as religious festivals.
75. (#4170) She has been in the library for a long time.
76. (#4169) Portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than Tuesday.
77. (#4168) Please register your student email account at your earliest convenience.
78. (#4167) Our professor is hosting the business development conference next week.
79. (#4166) On behalf of our department, thank you for your participation.
80. (#4165) Even with the permit, finding a parking spot on campus is almost impossible.
81. (#4164) Being a vegan means not consuming any animal products.
82. (#4163) A study skill seminar is on for the students who require assistance.
83. (#4131) A full list of bibliography is needed at the end of all filed assignments.
84. (#4129) 39.5 percent California residents don't speak English at home.
85. (#4127) It is utmostly important that you don't rely on translation online.
86. (#4126) The university celebrated the Earth Day by planting trees.
87. (#4123) Remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
88. (#4122) Eating too much can lead to too many health problems.
89. (#4104) The minimal mark for distinction can be awarded no less than 75%.
90. (#4103) Could you pass the material to students that are in your row?
91. (#4102) 39.5 percent of California residents speak a language other than English at home.
92. (#4070) Children are not allowed in the chemical labs.
93. (#4069) I'm glad that you've got it.
94. (#4068) The test selected materials from all chapters in this course this semester.
95. (#3993) Students are afraid of writing an essay, because they have learned nothing about it.
96. (#3992) The glass is not the real solid, because it doesn't have crystal structure.
97. (#3990) You should include your name and identity number in the registration form.
98. (#3916) The computer virus destroyed all my files.
99. (#3915) All undergraduate students should participate in the seminar.
100. (#3914) All filed assignments should have a full list of bibliography.

## part2
1. (#3853) There will be ample opportunities to ask questions about the presentation.
2. (#3852) The context includes both the land history and the huamn history.
3. (#3851) In Europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
4. (#3850) The course registration is open early March for new students.
5. (#3849) I didn't understand the author's point of view on immigration.
6. (#3848) All necessary information is in the assignment.
7. (#3847) I missed yesterday's lecture. Can I borrow your notes?
8. (#3846) A thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
9. (#3810) Good research presents many benefits to the real people.
10. (#3765) The tutorial is held on the 8th of April.
11. (#3764) There is varying plagiarism across different university departments.
12. (#3763) You must complete this chapter before going to the field trip.
13. (#3733) Please finish all the reading chapters before the field trip.
14. (#3717) The results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detection.
15. (#3716) The professor has promised to put his lecture notes online.
16. (#3715) I don't like cheese and tomato sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
17. (#3710) Your enrollment information, results and fees will be available online.
18. (#3673) We are delighted to have professor Robert to join our faculty.
19. (#3672) There is no entrance fee for tonight's lecture.
20. (#3671) If you forgot your student number, you should contact Jenny Brice.
21. (#3670) You should raise your concern with the head of the school.
22. (#3669) Physics is a detailed study of matter and energy.
23. (#3668) The theoretical proposal was challenged to grasp.
24. (#3667) A preliminary bibliography is due the week before the spring break.
25. (#3666) Would you prepare some PowerPoint slides with appropriate graphs?
26. (#3665) The psychology department is looking for volunteers to be involved in research projects.
27. (#3664) The college welcomes international students from all over the world.
28. (#3553) All students and staff have the access to printers and laptops.
29. (#3477) And in this regard, as well as in other regards this consideration is important.
30. (#3463) As for me, it is a strategy, to go to judicial review.
31. (#3453) All postgraduate students should participate in the seminar.
32. (#3450) Allergy problems do run in the family but we don't understand why.
33. (#3449) Any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the footnotes.
34. (#3448) Anyone who has a problem with their accommodation should speak to the welfare officer.
35. (#3447) Being a student representative on the union really cuts into my study time.
36. (#3446) Conferences are always scheduled on the third Wednesday of the month.
37. (#3445) Distance learning has become far more popular these days.
38. (#3444) Doing this research makes me think of the purpose of science.
39. (#3443) Don't forget to hand in your assignments by the end of next week.
40. (#3442) Farmers do not always receive the price for agricultural goods.
41. (#3441) I believe children should read aloud more.
42. (#3440) I still don't understand the last sentence.
43. (#3439) I think the university's main campus is closed.
44. (#3438) I thought the mid-term exam was only worth half of our course grade.
45. (#3437) I will be in my office every day from eleven to twelve.
46. (#3436) I will check again but I am pretty sure we are supposed to read chapter two.
47. (#3435) I've got a tutorial in an hour and I haven't had any time to prepare for it.
48. (#3434) It is important that you work as a team on this project.
49. (#3433) It is important to take gender into account when discussing the figures.
50. (#3432) It's the words of common occurrence that have different referential values.
51. (#3431) It's time to finalize the work before the Wednesday seminar.
52. (#3430) Journalism is the collection and publication or transmission of news.
53. (#3429) Just wait a minute, I will be with you shortly.
54. (#3428) Many of the most popular courses are available online.
55. (#3427) Meeting with tutors could be arranged for students who need additional help.
56. (#3426) Meteorology is a subject of the earth's atmosphere.
57. (#3425) Modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and rhythm.
58. (#3424) More females than males graduated from university last year.
59. (#3423) Most of the assignments should be submitted on the same day.
60. (#3422) On this project, you will be asked to work as a group of three.
61. (#3421) Residence hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time at the end of this semester.
62. (#3420) She is an expert of the 18th century French literature.
63. (#3419) She was always here, but today, she is missed.
64. (#3418) Sport is the main cause of traumatic brain injuries in the United States.
65. (#3417) Student services provide help with housing and transport.
66. (#3415) Students must observe lab safety regulations at all times.
67. (#3414) Studies suggest there may be a correlation between educational achievement and family size.
68. (#3413) The aesthetic implications of this study have not yet been fully explored.
69. (#3412) The agricultural sector in that country has heavily subsidized.
70. (#3411) The application form is available in the office.
71. (#3410) The author expressed an idea that modern readers cannot accept.
72. (#3409) The current statistical evidence indicates the need for further research.
73. (#3407) The first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers' attention.
74. (#3406) The information on the Internet becomes more reliable.
75. (#3405) The inherent tension between these two features remains to be addressed.
76. (#3404) The initial results are intriguing, however, statistically speaking they are insignificant.
77. (#3403) The library will be closed for 3 days over the bank holiday weekend.
78. (#3402) The majority of the hardware that we are using was built for a customer.
79. (#3401) The office said Dr. Smith would arrive later today.
80. (#3400) The recent study has thrown out the validity of the argument.
81. (#3399) The research paper should begin with a thorough review of the literature.
82. (#3398) The results will be available in the main course and online.
83. (#3397) The School of Arts and Design has an open day on Thursday next week.
84. (#3396) The study showed that people's mood could be affected by news and weather reports.
85. (#3395) The topic next week on colonialism will be in the nuclear disarmament.
86. (#3394) The trial is to increase the interests of the issue and jurisdiction.
87. (#3393) The wheelchair lift has been upgraded this month.
88. (#3392) There are lots of people competing for the places in computer courses.
89. (#3391) There will be a guest lecturer visiting the department next month.
90. (#3390) This can be used as a starting point of my discussion today.
91. (#3389) This year we are applying to use a different type of assessment on this module.
92. (#3388) To receive the reimbursement, you must keep the original receipts.
93. (#3387) Try to explain how your ideas are linked so that there is a logical flow.
94. (#3386) We don't have enough evidence to draw conclusions.
95. (#3385) We don't teach in the same way that we used to.
96. (#3384) We must put great care when analyzing the data.
97. (#3382) We would like a first draft of the assignment by Monday.
98. (#3380) Would you pass me the book on the left hand side?
99. (#3379) You will be informed of the results by email.
100. (#3378) You will be less stressed if you are well prepared for the exam.

## part3
1. (#3336) Rules about breaks and lunch time vary from one company to next.
2. (#3334) My tutorial class will begin on next Monday morning.
3. (#3333) Company exists for money, not for society.
4. (#3332) We provide a wide range of courses to undergraduate and postgraduate students.
5. (#3331) The original Olympic game is one kind of religious festival.
6. (#3321) Acupuncture is a technique involved in traditional Chinese medicine.
7. (#3304) The African elephant is the largest land mammal in the world.
8. (#2217) Don't forget to do a library tour on the first week of your semester.
9. (#1624) A periodical is a publication that is issued regularly.
10. (#1623) All essays and seminar papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
11. (#1622) All students are encouraged to vote in the forthcoming elections.
12. (#1621) Does the college refectory offer vegetarian dishes on a daily basis?
13. (#1620) During the next few centuries, London will become one of the most powerful and prosperous cities in Europe.
14. (#1619) Essays should be typed with double space in white paper.
15. (#1618) Fees are heavily discounted and bursaries are available for delegates.
16. (#1617) He was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the 16th century.
17. (#1616) Higher number of patients were infected during the previous outbreak of illness.
18. (#1615) However, this method is problematic in terms of accuracy.
19. (#1614) I will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
20. (#1613) If you want to quit the student union, tell the registrar.
21. (#1612) I'll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on the life in the first half of the 20th century.
22. (#1611) In the last few weeks, we've been looking at various aspects of the social history of London.
23. (#1610) In the past, students were required to complete two long written assignments.
24. (#1609) International students can get help with locating housing near the university.
25. (#1608) It is quite clear that rising prosperity does not make people feel more content.
26. (#1607) Knives and forks should be placed next to the spoons on the edge of the table.
27. (#1606) Make sure you correctly cite all your sources.
28. (#1605) Many of the urban poor lived in an extremely cramped condition.
29. (#1604) Maybe it is time for me to make some changes.
30. (#1603) Most students are not eligible to claim housing benefits.
31. (#1602) Many of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
32. (#1601) New timetables will be posted on the student notice board.
33. (#1600) New York City is famous for its ethnic diversity.
34. (#1599) Next time, we will discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
35. (#1598) Novelists have a major role to play in reflecting their time to their readers.
36. (#1597) Our class is divided into two groups. You come with me, the others stay here.
37. (#1596) Overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the daily lives of the majority of the population.
38. (#1595) Parents should provide guidance and examples to children's values.
39. (#1594) Please come to the next seminar properly prepared.
40. (#1593) Please hand in assignments at the main office.
41. (#1592) Please have copies of your seminar papers in the library a week in advance.
42. (#1591) Professor Smith will be late for today's lecture.
43. (#1590) Students are held accountable for adhering to established community standards.
44. (#1589) Stduents need to finish their assignments during the next four weeks.
45. (#1588) That brief outline takes us to the begining of the 20th century.
46. (#1587) The arts magazine is looking for a new assistant editor.
47. (#1586) The campus tour will help you get familiar iwth the teaching facilities.
48. (#1585) The circulation desk is located on the ground floor.
49. (#1584) The country suffered a series of invasions by tribes from present-day Germany and Denmark.
50. (#1583) The date of the invention of the first clock is disputed among historians.
51. (#1582) The development is mainly included in chapter 9.
52. (#1581) The drama society is now auditioning for parts in the student play.
53. (#1580) The English world Typhoon comes from the Chinese word big wind.
54. (#1579) The final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
55. (#1578) The fire left the area almost completely devoid of vegetation.
56. (#1577) The lecture on child's psychology has been postponed until Friday.
57. (#1576) The lecture would deal with the influence of technology on music.
58. (#1575) The United States is the largest chocolate manufacturing country.
59. (#1574) The medical centre is located near the supermarket on North Street.
60. (#1573) The meeting will take place in the main auditorium.
61. (#1572) The mismatch between the intended and reported uses of the instrument has become clear.
62. (#1571) The part of the story is the story of my father.
63. (#1570) The professor will talk about the summary in the lecture.
64. (#1569) The Romans left in 410 at the beginning of the fifth century.
65. (#1568) The seminar will be on the last week of the quarter.
66. (#1567) The smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
67. (#1566) The student welfare officer can help with questions about exam techniques.
68. (#1565) The technology they didn't introduce meant that metal and leather goods were produced there for the first time. (#1324)
69. (#1564) The visiting professor is going to give a lecture on geology.
70. (#1563) There are hundreds of clubs and societies to choose from.
71. (#1562) There is a position available for a junior lecturer in media studies.
72. (#1561) There is plenty of cheap accommodation off-campus.
73. (#1560) There will be a significant rise in tuition fees starting next year.
74. (#1559) There will be no extensions given for this project.
75. (#1558) A lot of agricultural workers came to the East End to look for alternative work.
76. (#1557) This article covers the whom, where and when of the conflict.
77. (#1556) This course will examine some of the profound ethical dilemmas.
78. (#1555) Tutorials are held for two hours every Thursday during the semester.
79. (#1318) We are also going to be more prescriptive about what you focus on in your presentation.
80. (#1316) The books reserved in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
81. (#1315) We are not going to accept the assignment after the due date on Friday.
82. (#1314) We are warning the clients that the rates are increasing.
83. (#1313) We'd like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
84. (#1312) The pharmacy was closed when I went past this morning.
85. (#1311) The cafeteria closes soon, but the snack machines are accessible throughout the night.
86. (#1310) We will discuss these two pictures in the next lecture.
87. (#1309) We've decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this year.
88. (#1308) You must establish a day and a time with your tutor.
89. (#1307) You will be informed of the results by e-mail.
90. (#1306) You will find the economics section on the second floor of the library.
91. (#1305) The United Kindom is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy.
92. (#1303) Would you pass the book on the left hand side?
93. (#1302) There are no scheduled classes during the final exam weeks.
94. (#1301) Doctor Green's office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
95. (#1291) The economics class will take place in the main lecture room.
96. (#1290) Students can get access to computers on a daily basis.
97. (#1289) The elephant is the largest land-living mammal.
98. (#1288) Students can download the materials on the website.
99. (#1287) They were struggling to pay their fees last year.
100. (#1274) The seminar on writing skills has been canceled.