---
layout: post
title: 黑科技WFD句子 04
categories: English
description: WFD句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE WFD
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**WFD句子**

- [黑科技WFD句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80wfd%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# 黑科技WFD句子
1. (#5480) Reading list will be available before the course begins.
2. (#5479) The temperature in summer is lower when comparing to the fall.
3. (#5478) Students who study overseas can significantly improve work chances.
4. (#5475) Without doubt, this theory has a number of limitations.
5. (#5472) There will be a meeting for the first-year students on Friday.
6. (#5446) Key business partners are often entertained in expense accounts.
7. (#5443) They developed a unique approach to training their employees.
8. (#5442) A good way to improve your vocabulary is through repeatition.
9. (#5441) Our courses help to improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
10. (#5417) Universities need to secure the grants for research subjects.
11. (#5416) Please ensure you do not go above word limitation.
12. (#5391) Check the website if you are looking for discounted textbooks.
13. (#5390) These leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
14. (#5361) You must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you learned.
15. (#5353) You can ask your tutor for further assistance.
16. (#5341) One of the functions of the internal organ is to keep the body warm.
17. (#5328) Please write the name of author and the year of publication.
18. (#5324) Farming methods across the world have greatly developed recently.
19. (#5323) Both staff and students can purchase car parking permits online.
20. (#5297) There is an important difference  between mass production and batch production.
21. (#5295) Managing the increasing population is the challenge for most governments.
22. (#5294) A good research assistant is not afraid to ask questions.
23. (#5293) Today we will look at how to display the data visually.
24. (#5284) The students showed the Hong Kong people are the most active in Asia.
25. (#5282) Unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in years.
26. (#5279) Please provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
27. (#5278) Get enough sleep the night before the test.
28. (#5266) Every student has a regular meeting with his or her personal tutor.
29. (#5262) More research is needed before any definitive conclusion is drawn.
30. (#5260) Doing nothing is not always better than taking risks.
31. (#5259) All lectures and learning materials can be found on the internet.
32. (#5258) The poster of this play is hung in the large lecture theater.
33. (#5257) Students who attempt to go to the conference must register now.
34. (#5256) Although sustainable development is not easy, it is our responsibility.
35. (#5238) There have been many changes recently in the mathematics department.
36. (#5237) This course puts great emphasis on critical thinking skills.
37. (#5236) Our food supply now contains so much sugar that our metabolic system cannot handle it.
38. (#5235) Several candidates will be qualified as the greatest scientists of all time.
39. (#5234) The visiting speaker used to be a lecturer in this department.
40. (#5232) Research shows that exercising makes us feel better.
41. (#5231) There is not much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
42. (#5228) Unlike short sleep, over sleeping increases the risk of illness.
43. (#5227) The seminar provided an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
44. (#5225) New credit cards will soon use the fingerprint technology.
45. (#5223) Your application for a research grant has been received.
46. (#5222) The Industrial Revolution in Europe was driven by stream technology.
47. (#5219) Our laboratory equipment is provided free of charge.
48. (#5191) There are many good reasons to grow trees in more cities.
49. (#5190) Unusual weather patterns are making farming more difficult today.
50. (#5161) The cooperator operates as a continuous assessment.
51. (#5159) The body fat keeps internal organs warm.
52. (#5154) Mature students usually adapt to university life extremely well.
53. (#5153) Governments need to make solar energy more affordable to everyone.
54. (#5143) All the course stages are on the website.
55. (#5142) Protective clothing must always be worn in the laboratory.
56. (#5136) Peer review is a central part of scientific method.
57. (#5113) Even if you have used cosmetics for years without problems, one or more ingredients can still trigger an allergic reaction.
58. (#5108) Economic development needs to be supported by the government.
59. (#5086) Tutors should set a clear goal at the start of the class.
60. (#5085) In his lifetime, he composed most of the works.
61. (#5021) Students should take advantages of the online resources before attending the lecture.
62. (#4962) Novelists write things about things they know about.
63. (#4956) An architect requires problem-solving skills and an eye for design.
64. (#4954) Calculations may not be needed in this examination.
65. (#4948) The theater courses are encouraging students to exercise creativity.
66. (#4821) There are many branches of medical studies.
67. (#4814) Students will focus on reporting news on changing media world.
68. (#4813) Read the student safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshops.
69. (#4785) Students who are successful have a good strategy for learning.
70. (#4782) Accounting students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statement.
71. (#4749) Lectures are the oldest and the most formal teaching method at universities.
72. (#4747) The economy now is showing the first sign of recovery.
73. (#4744) I will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
74. (#4730) The rising temperature is changing the wildlife population.
75. (#4726) Some departments have their own special book collections.
76. (#4725) Accountancy students probably have a good understanding of economics, statistics and psychology.
77. (#4722) The designers will complete the plan today.
78. (#4711) The course has been updated to reflect the current situation.
79. (#4710) Sydney is Australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
80. (#4709) Some young people find city life rather stressful.
81. (#4708) Practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week can be both feasible and healthy.
82. (#4707) Popular culture is a serious subject of academic inquiry.
83. (#4706) Hundreds of scientific papers have been published on global warming.
84. (#4705) He started his tutorial presentation right on time.
85. (#4704) Essential textbooks can be purchased from the campus bookshop.
86. (#4703) Coursework and exams will form part of the annual assessment.
87. (#4702) Despite the differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
88. (#4700) The department has a higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
89. (#4699) NASA has been at the forefront of deep space exploration.
90. (#4698) Atmosphere is composed of several layers.
91. (#4697) Several organizations work to prevent animal cruelty.
92. (#4696) Cinema and music are as important as science and mathematics.
93. (#4695) Organic food is considered to be free of chemicals.
94. (#4694) Majority of our decisions are not rational.
95. (#4693) Exercise reduces the risk of morbid obesity.
96. (#4692) Bad policy decisions led to the financial crisis.
97. (#4691) The economy is showing signs of revival.
98. (#4690) The office will be closed during the Christmas break.
99. (#4689) Click the logo above to enter the site.
100. (#4687) You should draw your graph on a separate page.
