---
layout: post
title: 黑科技WFD句子 02
categories: English
description: WFD句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE WFD
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**WFD句子**

- [黑科技WFD句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80wfd%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# 黑科技WFD句子
1. (#6675) The department works closely with its partners in the business community.
2. (#6673) The digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
3. (#6671) Critical thinking is one part of a broad education.
4. (#6669) Babies can distinguish between what is the language and what is not.
5. (#6667) The farmers need to adapt to the changes of the climate.
6. (#6663) A visit to the design building will be a great value.
7. (#6662) Students must attend the safety course before entering the engineering workshop.
8. (#6661) Government department was doing some crucial works on climate change.
9. (#6659) The English degree involves certain placements in the third year.
10. (#6656) You will need to read Chapter One before the management class.
11. (#6655) There will be a chemistry test in the classroom next week.
12. (#6653) Audition of the university choir will be on hold on the next week.
13. (#6652) Information technology has changed the way we study today.
14. (#6648) Extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.
15. (#6644) A good abstract highlights the key points of your paper.
16. (#6643) Professors with higher education standard trained them extremely seriously.
17. (#6640) Psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors.
18. (#6636) Please return the reference book to the correct position on the shelf.
19. (#6634) The bank is hoping to tap into a fast-growing market.
20. (#6633) Scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
21. (#6631) Many universities' lectures can now be reviewed on the internet.
22. (#6628) Air pollution is a serious problem all over the world.
23. (#6622) We are rethinking the solutions for the society.
24. (#6619) Providers of higher education treat plagiarism extremely seriously.
25. (#6617) There is an accounting assessment for finance students.
26. (#6614) Marine environment has been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.
27. (#6613) Calculators allow us to add numbers without making mistakes.
28. (#6612) We should never underestimate the power of creative design.
29. (#6611) Trees benefit the city by absorbing water that runs off road.
30. (#6608) This course aims to develop your knowledge of statistics.
31. (#6607) Many diseases on the list have been eradicated.
32. (#6603) This advanced course requires a basic knowledge of economic theory.
33. (#6602) Eating fish twice a week is recommended on a healthy diet.
34. (#6599) There are many different styles of bussiness management.
35. (#6591) The course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.
36. (#6583) There is no fixed career path for qualified journalists.
37. (#6582) Children start producing words before they are able to walk.
38. (#6579) The rising of the sea level indicates climate change.
39. (#6578) Packages are likely to be used  in many computers.
40. (#6577) Many food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
41. (#6576) Academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
42. (#6574) We are dealing with the most challenges that we face today.
43. (#6563) The goal of the company is to get investment.
44. (#6562) Designers need to keep up with the social trend.
45. (#6561) Practical experiments are essential parts of chemical course.
46. (#6559) You will be tested via continuous assessment and examinations.
47. (#6558) The university provides different facilities for students and staff.
48. (#6554) New developments in manufacturing are constantly changing the way we live.
49. (#6553) The course involves Pure and Applied Mathematics.
50. (#6552) Studying medicine is always with a wide range of opportunities.
51. (#6551) Classical mechanism is considered as a branch of mathematics.
52. (#6538) Renovation work is currently being undertaken throughout the whole building.
53. (#6510) A regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
54. (#6506) Studying history can help you better understand the present.
55. (#6450) Our study program equips students with essential skills for university.
56. (#6411) Americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproductive development in quantitative terms.
57. (#6409) The career service provides suggestions on how to pass the job interview.
58. (#6408) The study shows the sense of recent technologies.
59. (#6393) Artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
60. (#6357) You must hand in your essays by midday on Friday.
61. (#6356) Natures are defined as specific chemical compounds.
62. (#6352) Plants are able to continue growing throught their lives.
63. (#6348) There are dedicated specialist librarians available all the time.
64. (#6337) People see stars that were billions of years ago.
65. (#6333) Castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
66. (#6325) Biology involves the study of life of all levels.
67. (#6322) The stock market cracked the repercussions throughout the world.
68. (#6320) Technology is changing the way media is used and studied.
69. (#6312) Agriculture development is vital for poor rural areas.
70. (#6304) You need to put these books on the table over there.
71. (#6299) Scientists are unsure when the first man left Africa.
72. (#6295) The news is not received until the following week.
73. (#6294) Muscle cells bring parts of the body closer together.
74. (#6236) A series of the observations were carried out in the classroom.
75. (#6227) The task tomorrow will require higher level skills.
76. (#6220) Being bilingual does not mean to have the ability to analyze the language.
77. (#6219) You will study two courses and three modules.
78. (#6208) Journalism faces the crisis in the light of the digital revolution.
79. (#6206) The gravity is the force that attracts two bodies from one another.
80. (#6203) The academic tradition of the school ensures excellence.
81. (#6202) A series of lectures showed us in economics have been recorded.
82. (#6201) This book can be borrowed for a maximum of one week.
83. (#6194) Socail psychology has been considered by human behavior.
84. (#6188) Purity is one feature that makes gold expensive.
85. (#6187) Those lectures begin promptly, so do not be late.
86. (#6180) The research has produced some other unexpected results.
87. (#6177) The shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
88. (#6166) More graduate training is often needed after the university study is finished.
89. (#6157) Employment figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
90. (#6156) Food has become a political issue in the world.
91. (#6151) Banks charge interest for money they loan to their customers.
92. (#6150) The student shop has a range of stationery.
93. (#6125) As union members, we can influence the change of the university.
94. (#6123) Speed is defined as how quickly a person or an object moves.
95. (#6116) Our facilities include five libraries across the university.
96. (#6114) Time and distance are used to calculate speed.
97. (#6112) We can all meet in the office after the lecture.
98. (#6111) You don't need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
99. (#6109) The reception staff provide advice on renting private accommodation.
100. (#6106) The essay will argue that the technology does more harm than good.