---
layout: post
title: 黑科技WFD句子 01
categories: English
description: WFD句子 PTE黑科技
keywords: PTE WFD
---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**WFD句子**

- [黑科技WFD句子](#%E9%BB%91%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80wfd%E5%8F%A5%E5%AD%90)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# 黑科技WFD句子
1. (#7184) Before architecture was invented, humans used to live in underground houses.
2. (#7183) All the equipment must be returned to the laboratory by Wednesday.
3. (#7181) The new biology course will be starting in February.
4. (#7180) There are many exciting developments occurring in the industry.
5. (#7179) The post office will be closed on Mondays and Fridays afternoon.
6. (#7176) The content is to define the combination of math and philosophy.
7. (#7174) If you need a parking ticket, see me after the lecture.
8. (#7172) According to the law of the gravity, all objects attract to each other.
9. (#7166) You can buy a ticket for the lecture from the school secretary.
10. (#7164) Libraries provide lots of services for students.
11. (#7162) Reading widely is important for undergraduate study.
12. (#7161) The sociology exam will take place in week thirteen.
13. (#7160) The study of history can provide unique insight.
14. (#7158) In that time, few people moved to the town or village.
15. (#7149) There is an overlap between chemistry and other subjects.
16. (#7147) Mechanical evolution has become permanent since the industrial Revolution.
17. (#7142) The digital revolution has changed the way we read.
18. (#7140) Many cities are actively working on ways to reduce air pollution.
19. (#7139) Students should take the training course to use the gym.
20. (#7138) Fast food has become very popular with many students.
21. (#7136) Sympathy is a feeling of sorrow for someone who is not happy.
22. (#7135) The employment demand in engineering is increasing rapidly.
23. (#7132) The economic predictions turned out to be incorrect.
24. (#7131) The workshop will show you how to search the library catalogue.
25. (#7129) Having clean water for human is vital for health.
26. (#7123) It is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways.
27. (#7056) These words recognized the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
28. (#7054) You will portray your plan and sign off on your paper.
29. (#7035) The amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
30. (#7034) All companies must have a regular financial independent audior.
31. (#7027) A surprising number of students applied for this course.
32. (#7008) Students are recommended to read new books by Professor Jones.
33. (#7004) The illnesses and diseases are coming.
34. (#6998) The program must be conducted to abide by general regulations.
35. (#6997) Every experiment should be repeated to validate it.
36. (#6996) Please make sure your application follows the guidelines provided.
37. (#6995) Thousands of people turned out ahead of prestigious election.
38. (#6987) For the purpose of the research, data should be collected and analyzed.
39. (#6983) I am going to transform my mathematical skills to the classroom.
40. (#6982) There are places on campus that students can get their own meals.
41. (#6981) What surprised me is the number of students in this course.
42. (#6978) There is no reason to prove that boredom is necessarily bad.
43. (#6972) City planners recognize the needs of accessible public transportation options.
44. (#6971) There are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
45. (#6967) Libraries in many areas were closed due to the lack of funding.
46. (#6965) Rising in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
47. (#6963) New development in technology contributes to current research.
48. (#6959) The untapped potential way of monitoring sun's rise is phenomenal.
49. (#6958) In the research, data must be collected by analysis.
50. (#6956) The technology has transformed the nature of society.
51. (#6949) Art helps us to deepen the appreciation of our world.
52. (#6948) You have the freedom to study what interests you most.
53. (#6947) Reading histories involves a level of careful selections.
54. (#6944) Experts say learning and listening to music can reduce the stress.
55. (#6940) Research shows that spending time in outdoors has a range of benefits.
56. (#6938) When sentencing, the court will decide whether the defender regretted his actions.
57. (#6937) The students are waiting for a meal.
58. (#6910) Many important policy decisions need to be made.
59. (#6906) Scientists can develop new elements in the laboratory.
60. (#6901) Businesses must obey contemporary general regulations.
61. (#6900) Our workshop is opening for all the students on the campus.
62. (#6898) Career management is a very important subject.
63. (#6987) Many universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
64. (#6894) Technological developments have changed the way we live.
65. (#6890) The renowned journalism will last for half of the century.
66. (#6886) The falling birth rate means the number of students dropped.
67. (#6883) It is interesting to observe the development of the language skills of toddlers.
68. (#6859) We are researching on the most significant challenges we are facing in society today.
69. (#6842) The school canteen sells a large variety of water and food.
70. (#6817) When the roots of a plant failed, foliage suffers.